I've been around for you, been up and down for you, but I just can't get any relief.
I'll swallow my pride for you, live in light for you, but do you still make me feel like a thief?
You got me stealing your love away, cause you never give it,
peeling me years away, and we can't remember it, oh I'll make you laugh, maybe you make me cry.
I believe it's time for me to fly.
You said we'd work it out, you said that your hair no doubt, that deep down we really love.
Oh, but I'm tired of holding on to a feeling I know is gone, I do believe that I've had enough.
I've had enough for the fastness of a worn-up relation,
enough for the jealousy and the entire ration, oh I'll make you laugh, maybe you make me cry.
I believe it's time for me to fly,
time for me to fly,
I've got to set myself free,
but it's just how it's about to be.
I know it hurts to say goodbye,
but it's time for me to fly,
it's time for me to fly,
but I've got to set myself free,
I believe it's just how it's about to be.
Oh, I know it hurts to say goodbye,
but it's time for me to fly,
yeah, it's time for me to fly,
It's time for me to fly,
it's time for me to fly,
and
Grab!
Stop!
imb!
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst
case scenario.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more than society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know?
I don't think I'm a liar.
Not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
Mark, Mark, Mark, you're so funny, as a surgeon you should be speaking out on this.
You could save lives.
What the fuck?
I don't know anything about this.
How am I meant to know about this?
You know what?
I don't know about everything.
You shouldn't think that just because you're on to something that someone else should be
doing it to, buddy.
We've all got our own jobs to do.
I don't tell you what to do.
What the fuck?
Anyway, the reason why I try to get through to you, get your number of calls, you're
busy last time, and I'm not busy, is that, look, I went back through the podcast and
I'm afraid it wasn't good enough, mate.
I don't know how to explain this to you, but it was about, it was just over an error, but
the thing is, what was relevant was literally just 15 minutes and it was just dragged out
and there was not enough substance, not enough facts, not enough details.
I would also say try and work on your presentation, you drag things out and speak very slowly
and it's just, you need to be a bit more punchy, a bit more punchy, a bit more animated.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is J.J.
Cooey and I believe he's a consultant for CHD and I believe he has a PhD in some sort
of scientific discipline from what I understand.
I hope I gave you enough time to catch up, I hope you gave you enough time to share the
stream.
Hello everyone, unfortunately for everybody that tries to make it as quick as possible.
To the left hand, Monkey Ranch number two is number one again today, first in line by
a few minutes actually, it felt very much like a complete victory today, so welcome, that's
the second day in a row actually, and on time today, I actually pushed the button almost
on time today, when your watch looks the nicest at 10 after 10, and here we are again, a gig
of it.
Seems like we're catching the attention of some of these metlers, and they're trying
to start fires that we don't need to pay attention to, trying to get us to run in directions,
we don't need to run in, these people are kind of irrelevant now, once we realize that
they are part of what's perceived to be true but definitely isn't true, it's not like we
have to continue to pay attention to them anymore, now that we see them for the gold
fish with shark fins for what they are, right, then we don't need to pay attention to those
people anymore, but there are some people who have been put in front of, have been put
in front of the Senate and put in front of podcast after podcast, who seem to be very
skillfully avoiding speaking about their lack, being a lack of evidence of spread in
New York City and in fact everywhere, it's actually crazy to think that so many people
get so many podcasts but they can't accurately explain how the term inflexious clone referring
to a synthetically produced DNA or RNA could be used to sort of as a proxy for, for, for
virology, by just simply transforming and transfecting cell cultures with these, with
these preparations and it's interesting that the no virus people haven't been able to get
there yet, they couldn't explain that, that these people are just using transformation
and transfection on cell culture and calling it virology, it's so easy to say and yet somehow
these super geniuses that have been rubbing their hands together for four years about
there being no viruses, haven't been able to expand their, their lexicon far enough
for anyone to take them seriously and that's just by design because that's also the reason
why no one ever talks about the usefulness of a placebo batch, no one ever actually uses
the word transfection until very recently and then it's that ultimate clown, uh, Brett
Weinstein and of course none of these people, no matter how long Shannon Joy gives them
to talk can they just say that they murdered people and lied about it, they can't just
say that gain of function is a mythology, oh wait, sometimes they can of course in 2024
some of these messages are going to be absorbed by, by amateurs and by private consultants
and by honey traps that are working for the FBI or whoever to try and imagine if you subscribe
to some of these people's sub stack what list you go on, what list do you go on if you subscribe
to uh, sof's mom's sub stack, what, what, what happens then, what, what, what happens
when you actually go to gab and sign up for, for, for Robert Malone's gab group, of course
you know what happens, you went on a list, what happens to all the people that followed
these fake censored people over there as part of the Scooby-Doo mystery they were solving,
they're on a list and it takes only the spectacular commitment to these lies, that commitment
being kept by people like Brett Weinstein and, and Alexandros Marinos and Chris Martinson
and Pierre Corey and, and all of these interesting, whistle-blowing, white horse riding, bald eagle
carrying, American flag lapel wearing shoe photograph taking, hot tub sharing fakes, ladies
and gentlemen they only have one thing left and that is to attribute bad motives to me,
bad motives to mark because they can't address the things that we are talking about ladies
and gentlemen because weaponized piles of money are directing them, weaponized piles of money
are directing them to make sure you don't believe us because once you see it it can't
be unseen and so they don't want us to show any more people, they want to, they want to
make sure that, that we aren't able to show any more people, um, Vilma I bet you're being
into, you were being attacked a long time ago, um, we only have one chance to stop them ladies
and gentlemen we got to teach our kids the history, we got to teach our kids this history,
the history of how these charlatans were given power, how they took power and what mythologies
they used to take that power, those mythologies were not all started on the news by these people
up here, they were not all started on the news by these people down here, they weren't even all
started by these people over here, no, no, no, we have inherited these charlatans, these
charlatans have inherited their power from their mentors and if we are going to make
gentle the life of this world like this man wanted to, um, we are going to have to reject the
narratives that, that our controllers are imposing upon us and, uh, and yeah, the only way to do
that I think is to, to teach our kids how to see this wave, this wave of lies, this coordinated
wave of lies, um, this lala palooza of liars, it doesn't matter what stage you were looking at,
you were going to get knocked over by a wave of lies, you were going to get, you were going to be
made to convince that you needed a life preserver, you needed to hold on for dear life, um, and
giga-owned biological is here to teach you to surf this wave of lies by learning biology, the
biology is that surfboard there and it keeps you out of the wave because the wave is just
biological mythology, it's just lies, it's just lies, lies, lies, and so if you can stay focused on
that biology and not take their bait on television, if you can love your neighbor, focus on your
family and friends and building that network, um, you're going to, you're going to get on top of
the wave and then you're going to be able to see the wave for what it is and, uh, please, please,
please, um, if you can find a way to share this work, um, especially if you're not actively sharing
it, it would be great if you'd pitch in, um, because that's how this gets done, um, you know,
I have a PO box that people send folded $20 bills to in the shape of J's, um, you know, like,
these are the kinds of things that I get in the mail, oops, that's the wrong one, darn it,
this one is the one I wanted, this is the kind of stuff that I get in the mail,
folded J's, um, it's super cool, uh, people being creative with their donations, um,
there is a huge paradigm shift happening and I think Vilma is aware of it, I think
Housatonic, Mark, I, Mark, Koolak, Housatonic, ITS is aware of it, I think a lot of people who've
been here for a while with their hands down and looking straight ahead, I think, lumpy gravy
knows that this illusion is starting to break because more people are starting to actively engage
in non-compliance, informed non-compliance, I think it's a new term that Gigo and Biological
just coined right now, um, informed non-compliance, that's what we need to engage in.
Informed non-compliance, I like that a lot.
Good evening, good afternoon, good morning from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, it's 10 29 on the 22nd
of May 2024, I'm very happy to be here, um, semi on time, I know that was a really long introduction,
what I'm trying to do is time that out so that I can start that at about 10 to 10 and then at 10
after 10 we'll be all ready to go, it's just, you know, you gotta, it takes a while, this is not,
I'm not making a movie and then just hitting play. I'm running slides and trying to get the music
to come in at the right time and so thanks for noticing that the timing at the end of the beginning
there between Star Trek and the start wasn't too bad because most of the time it's not that good.
Anyway, this is Gigo and Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief,
brought to you by a biologist, my name is Jonathan J. Cooey, I live in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania,
I'm originally from Wisconsin in the United States. I did my PhD and met my wife in Amsterdam,
the Netherlands. We also raised our boys for a few years in Norway and then in the Netherlands
after that again before returning to Pittsburgh in 2016, just in time to try and vote for Donald
Trump just to throw a wrench in things and then I don't know how we got here but we're here. I
experienced it all but it felt a little bit like riding in a jeep with mud all over its
windows. I don't know really where we've been and I don't know exactly how we got here and I know
we're in a lot of trouble and if we don't get out of this jeep pretty soon, we're gonna end up in
the middle of the Congo enslaved. So it's my feeling, I'm a human just like you, I just find it funny
sometimes when people think that we are being paid somebody's influencing me something like
that. I'll tell you who's influencing me, the people that it can influence me, they send little
20s that are that are that are like this and if somebody like that says I want you to answer
a question on the stream, I think you're gonna I'm gonna do it. The people that influence me are
sending cards like this that say thank you for what you're doing. You helped me save my daughter
or or thank you for what you're doing. I would have taken the shot if it weren't for you and there
aren't that many people like that because I wasn't saying the right things early enough. I actually
lost my best friend of my whole life besides my wife, my best male friend from college because I
wasn't saying the right things early enough. So if anybody understands the folly of thinking
that solving it and saying it as quickly as possible was gonna save anyone, you were not aware of how
how absolutely difficult it would have been to say the right things at the right time early
because of how many people were in front of us on social media, coordinatively lying,
coordinatively lying about the potential for an RNA to pandemic, coordinatively lying
about the potential for transfection as an investigational vaccine and coordinatively lying
about an ongoing pandemic so that no one would ever reach the the conclusion that
intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune
system is dumb or at least a few more generations.
The idea of the pandemic was to make sure that our children would never come to the conclusion
that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the
immune system is dumb. The pandemic was made to make sure that transfection and healthy humans
would never be called criminally negligent but just be called a a methodology in development
that the next generations would be great and better if they didn't use process to that we
personalize them for people and to make sure that no one came to the realization that RNA can't pandemic
like that's biologically ridiculous and the precipice that we sit at right now is a precipice
where hundreds of thousands of academic biologists that could just pull their head out of their ass
for 10 minutes and think wait a second what is what does Mr. Cooey mean when he says RNA can't
pandemic and then look over that cliff and realize oh my gosh he's right wait I should have known
that a long time ago we we are RNA RNA now RNA can't do that wait what
and once that illusion breaks then these other two statements on this screen I'm so bad at this
weatherman thing these other two statements on this screen will become apparent in due course
but it's this bottom statement RNA cannot pandemic that's so simple that any academic
biologists worth their salt that rubs their chin long enough or scratches their head long
enough or just goes on a bike ride with those three words taped to their handlebars
can save themselves from this mythology in one fell swoop just one bright idea
because in the end we're dealing with a model of reality that's that's held up by little tiny
toothpicks and any one of those toothpicks that's flicked out will result in kilograms of weight
being redistributed and a whole new paradigm of understanding of our biology will start to emerge
I actually have a feeling in my heart that in the end part of their sort of
pandemic was to orchestratedly bring us there but in a way that would discard the old vaccines
while at the same time moving forward into the future embracing the new generation of vaccines
and so the truth and the and the the misconceptions of the previous vaccines
would be revealed only in synchrony with the populations warm embrace of the new technologies
which have become accepted as obviously more advanced and proven thanks to the coming together
of the world as a result of the pandemic and so this mythology really needs to be broken before
and the people that cannot see are blinded for generations
and it will be done it will be done by social media because we are we are allowing it
because we put our hands we put the phone in front of our face and and this disengages
our control over the 39,000 thoughts a day that we can really think
and maybe you're really smart and you can think 45,000 thoughts a day but the reality is is that
you have a limited amount of time every day and if you waste it on social media on chasing around
the bot comments from somebody or or replying to the bot comments in your sub stack or someone
else's sub stack then you will find yourself unwisely spending the time and energy of your day
in a way that the system or those people that are being paid by the system would like you to
instead of learning the biology and there are lots of people that are going on shan and joy
and and dr drew and they are not teaching you the biology that will save your children they're
not teaching you the biology that that edifies the true understanding of what happened over the
last four years but they are they are emphasizing a mythology or asking questions that will lead you
into this limited spectrum of debate which is a mythology about toxins and the DoD killing Americans
and and these other overly simplified stories I mean if you want to tell a story simply then what
you should say is there are traders inside of most western governments that for whatever reason
mostly serving the weaponized piles of money that control the corporations and governments of the
western world these people are traders to our governments and they are invisible to the
the patriots of our our respective nations
and once we start to make these traders visible and you can start to see them for the the lollapalooza
of liars this hidden chorus of coordinated harmonizing liars then we can get this end this barbershop
quartet we can get this harmonizing to stop but that's what you see on twitter that's what you
see on facebook that's what you see on telegram and gab and all these signal chats it's a harmonizing
and it is a it is a false harmonizing people pretending to say something similar to me
pretending that and they were there all along this is all easily checkable you just have to go and
see what these clowns and i i think that's the only way that you can see them now
that these clowns were saying in 2020 and one of the sort of master clowns that takes up a lot
of space in the clown car is kevin mccernan
um yeah kevin mccernan takes up a lot of space in the clown car because he's actually
whoops he's actually not as tiny as some of these other people are you know i mean
i mean you can fit fauci and and uh hotez and mccairn and rixie all in the back seat and you still
have room for like five more clowns on top of their laps but it's pretty much the passenger seat for
mccernan he's a he's a regular sized human being which is is odd for for the dissident movement
because you know even even uh robert malones kind of a little gnome right and and and and uh who is
the ukranian or russian lady with the with the painting she's also kind of a little tiny person
so have all these little tiny people that are either foreign medlers or tiny people that are
traitors that are cooperating with these tiny people and then you have this american named
kevin mccernan who worked for the human genome project who was out there in april 24th of 2020
already basically telling us the whole story flat out except that he's not he doesn't really buy
the lab leak thing he thinks that you know all these things have have ancestors and so it's likely
just a a mutated version of something that was in the background that before the pandemic we
weren't testing for because we don't test for things that don't make us sick so what i'm gonna do is
play this video again from the very beginning but i will instead play it on the background of my
notes um and i think that will make it easier for us to um follow along and then when we get to the
part where uh if we get to the part where uh we haven't watched before which is about after 17
or 18 minutes um why can't i see this thing right now where did i save it must still be in my downloads
oh yeah um when we get to the place where we we watched to yesterday then we may start pausing
it occasionally but i actually after basketball last night i took some notes on it um and so i may
be able to stop the video less um and just point to notes or accentuate notes in the background um
i'm just i want to do the whole video again because i think this video is so extraordinary
because the statement that i'm trying to make with this video is not a small one the statement
that i'm trying to make with this video is that this can only be seen as evidence that these people
were released on us. Kevin McCurnan welcome to the podcast thank you for having advanced
i appreciate what you're doing here there's a lot i think there's a lot of misinformation
out there and we need alternative views on this so um you and i so that's what i'm saying
we we have a problem if if um let me see if i can do this how do i do this i have to make this like
that then i have to do this right oh yeah so there he starts the podcast already
where there's a lot of misinformation out there and we need alternative views i really like what
you're doing and so again i'm going to try not to interrupt the video because i really want you
to hear his words in continuation in in in their whole context because it is extraordinary and i
want you to just kind of pay attention maybe i'll use maybe i'll use this
for antibody and maybe i'll use that for um or maybe i'll use this for background signal
and maybe i'll use this for antibodies and then maybe i'll use this for um well i'll use those two
primary things to try not to interrupt him and then i'll also annotate my notes so
maybe i'll take a different color here because i got green maybe i does blue show up different
i don't know if you guys can see blue different
can you see blue different oh yeah that looks good so i'll use blue
for for the notes that i make over the notes um and again i just i really want to indulge
the the april 2024 or 2020 the april 2020 kevin mccernan and i really want to indulge in
because in my mind um in april 2024 i was not saying these things and i have videos on youtube that
show that i wasn't i was saying something like this though something very close
except i think i was already saying it was probably a lab leak or something like that
it's very extraordinary where we are i'm sorry i'm having such fish it's like something spit down
there there we go all right let's get it on your button finger is going to be busy yeah it probably
will be um i'm building up a callus on it okay here we go just going to try and let it play as
best i can it's on regular speed okay so here we go we got lots of time today
there's no yoga class this afternoon so if this takes me four hours then so be it
you got to put the helmet on get ready to go here we go
we just figured out how to get our skype hooked up but you were somebody that a good friend of mine
rob long who goes by plantomals on twitter uh pointed you out and said this guy has different
ideas than where what other people are saying and i thought huh that's funny it's a cannabis
genomics researcher maybe he's just getting high and having like high ideas test one too funny to
look at and i i flip over to your twitter and i see that uh you are clearly a scientist you are
looking at data and you are coming to conclusions that are different than what i'm hearing in other
places and you have a very different voice and so i thought man that is a very interesting character
no matter what he believes it's going to be interesting to hear about so thanks for coming
on the podcast man yeah uh well no problem i guess i have to um let me let me give you some sense
the background so everyone doesn't think i'm just out out here smoking weed and coming up with crazy
ideas but my uh my history actually started back on the human genome project in 96 so i worked with
eric lander on that at uh at mit at the white at institute uh i was i was um my responsibilities
there were the build a dna purification and sequencing pipeline for the human genome project
um so i'm familiar with the testing i've been really attentive to what's going on in covid because
everyone's tripping over themselves getting testing going and and this isn't something that should
be a problem the only reason why we have problems in testing is really regulatory if you really dig
into it we can do millions and millions of tests without a problem if the regulations get out of
the way um but my background on the human genome project led me into building some startups i
started a company called agencore biosciences uh that company built dna and rna isolation kits and
was a large dna sequencing facility one of the larger ones actually in the country back in
uh from 2000 to 2005 uh beckman colter came and acquired that company because we had really good
hiv detection tools very pertinent to what we're talking about here in in covid detection um
but we also had a dna sequencer a skunkswork project that was getting built um that got spun
out and later got acquired by applied biosystems this is a dna sequencer known as the solid sequencer
got about 35 percent of the market share competing with alumina for a short period of time um so
that sequencer uh at the time no one really believed what it could do but it was basically a hundred
thousand times faster than what was on the market at the time which is why our our 19 person company
got acquired like a year after publishing a paper on this stuff um but that became a
no way just just my audience is uh very very acquainted with genetics a lot of them are
farmers agriculture a bunch of scientists but when you're saying it's a hundred times faster
to sequence what do you mean sequence what uh so this we were mostly sequencing cancer genomes
of the time but this was thing was it wasn't a hundred times it was a hundred thousand times
faster it was an absolute like in rocket ship um and we weren't the only one that had this at the
time there's a couple other technologies that came at the same time that were hyper competitive
so what you saw on the sequencing market is a rapid decay in the price of sequencing because
we had multiple parties competing in a more or less free market at the time uh and that drove the
cost of sequencing down faster than Moore's law but they say computer speeds double every 18 months
this thing was like going more like 10x every 18 months it was really remarkable at the pace
at which sequencing collapsed now that we have this really cheap and affordable sequencing capacity
it can be deployed there's even tools that can do it on USB sticks now so now you can really you
can actually take a sequencer into the jungle and sequence Ebola you can sequence bats to find
coronavirus you can sequence environmental DNA you you can do all of this work that means that
we're now seeing all of this microbial and viral flux through the through the ecosystem that we
never been able to see before and it's scaring the daylights out of people however if you take a
little bit more of a um evolutionary perspective here nothing is new under the sun genetically
we have seen these viruses all have ancestors and I think that's what's getting missed in the in the
news media is that everyone's talking about this coronavirus like it evolved out of Wuhan
like it came through some Rick and Morty portal and suddenly appeared and now that it's new
it's scary everyone needs to run for the run for the hills but the reality is this everything on
earth has ancestors the burden of proof that your virus doesn't have an ancestor falls on the people
making those crazy claims okay so if there is in fact an ancestor before Wuhan which I'm very
convinced there is we just haven't found it yet we likely have some antibodies to that we've likely
seen it before the human you know inflammatory system the immune system probably has some memory
of one of these things ancestors which is why not as many people are getting as sick as we expected
and I think it's also why we see the antibodies in the population are highly than we ever expected
and now everyone's marching the date back of introduction we heard that oh it got into the
states since the adults the first case well now they're going through some of the morgue records
and digging up older samples and I think you just saw this week that they're inching that date
back you're going to find them inch that date back continually I think because they're going to
start to find cases that predated the December discovery of this Wuhan it was probably out in
in in the depths of China where there are no sequencers for a fair amount of time circulating
their population okay so we didn't have the tools there to find it you've just blown my mind like
no one has said anything like that at all as far as I've heard I would have no way to push back on
that but the like it dawn so I'm going to just clarify here where we are so this is we got this
far yesterday of course and farther where he makes a point that I think cannot be over it cannot be
you don't want to miss and the point is is that since we've been able to sequence so cheaply
remember remarkable how fast the sequencing became cheap the microbiome and and and viral
flux that we can now see is scaring the daylights out of everyone he says sorry that's so poorly written
so that's a pretty bold statement because that's very close to the idea that we are having a
background signal that is being misconstrued as a spreading pathogen and what he's doing
is saying that the reason why not as many people are getting sick as we expected
who's we is because people have previous antibodies to the ancestors of wherever this came from
maybe it was wandering around in the backwoods of China where there are no sequencers
stop lying and so this is a wonderful mythology that's not actually any different than who
it's not different at all than peter desak it's actually not different at all than nathan wolf both
of whom have been touring the world for a decade saying that we need to get more sequences of these
viruses we need more surveillance everywhere do you not see that that guy right there is exactly
the same as peter desak and exactly the same as nathan wolf he is reciting almost verbatim
their exact model of the world the virology
so in that sense let's let him keep doing what he's doing which is just revealing himself for the
the player that he is he plays for them whoever they are what are more weaponized piles of money
that are part of the controlled demolition of america i don't know if it's if it's a crime or a
a potential crime to call someone with traitor but in my very humble opinion if anybody who stood
in front of the senate qualifies as a traitor it's likely him because he has been connected to
the weaponized piles of money and the the the interests that have been working in the background
of this intellectual space for a few decades and in fact is likely connected to these
back room meetings through his father as well and that's probably why he was allowed to take from
mit the whitehead and the human genome project the ip that he created and and to get rich and
make millions from it because that's not typical and so it's interesting because there are other
people who appear to be like this steve kirsch seems to have been given a good idea that as far
as i can tell in all the conversations i've had with him he would never have had himself i don't
know if that guy's ever had a good idea in his life um and so you know when you when you meet
somebody and you and you know that they're that they're bright you know they're bright and when
you meet somebody and you know you're not they're not you kind of know they're not and steve kirsch
his light bulb only gets so bright he wants you to believe that underneath that great big
bald head of his there's something working there but it's really a lot of rusty grinding gears
and it's he's been faking it until he made it since he was a teenager
which is what a lot of these people are i think when they have been told from an early age that
they are part of an elite group of people um that they are a part of an elite group of of people
who govern um that that's who he is you can't be a part of the human genome project as a young man
and sell several companies and be on the the pages of newspapers and and and be able to shake
Francis Collins's hand or be able to shake president clinton's hand um with mark lander by your side
without being connected to the the very very depths of of the network that that is involved in
creating maintaining curating the mythology of public health and of course it is under the guise
of of some you know pot smoking silly guy or whatever but that's not that's not who he is
it wouldn't surprise me at all if that guy is never smoked weed in his life it wouldn't surprise me
at all if he doesn't like bourbon you know that's the kind of man he probably is um anyway let's
keep going because this just just gets better i assure you i've watched the whole thing and it's
just it is just a it is a if this doesn't end him on the internet it will be be as an authority on
this stuff it will just be simply because the system and the illusion of consensus that is
created by this lala palooza of liars will refuse to allow it that the social media algorithms will
refuse to allow it because by the end of this video any any average intelligence golden
retriever wouldn't listen to this guy anymore it's on me that it seems like it might be correct
that this this virus had ancestors that that wiped out a bunch of people but then there were
those that had the antibodies that could protect themselves and um or it may not have been as
oh sorry anybody this is the thing we don't sequence things that don't get you sick we don't
sequence things so the ancestor may have been a common cold uh that just went through the
population we don't sequence things that we don't want only until it mutated maybe very
recently did it start to take out the very weak in the population the comorbid i mean 99 to 97
percent of the people that are getting sick or comorbid they have either diabetes COPD or
hypertension maybe cancer right um so this is the tip of the iceberg of the most sick people
in a population that are now getting affected i think if you go back to this ancestor's thing
it probably was attenuated and didn't didn't really appear in our radar because it was barely
making people sick it was less virulent than maybe what's emerged out of Wuhan but if it was
an ancestor it may still have similar proteins it was attenuated he says
and there's somebody else who says attenuated dan seratkin his dad is carl seratkin they wrote
one of the first papers that claimed it was a lab leak he's still running around with his
head cut off on social media saying that it's flying AIDS and after my bike ride that promoted his
his original blog with his dad i was asked to be in drastic and they promoted that bike ride video
on zero hedge and it's still the youtube video they got the most views ever like 15 000
and that's really what got me into the lab leak got me sucked in got me to feel like i was really
solving the scooby-doo mystery with these other foreign medlers and so that's not really you know
we're not really that far off if he says it was attenuated why what does attenuated mean in the
context of a natural occurring background isn't by definition if the background is hot and we don't
sequence things that don't make people sick then doesn't that mean that the whole background is
a tenuated but attenuated implies reduced attenuated replies turned down or reduced so why would you
use that word it's the exact same word that a lot of other people in the medler worst case scenario
people were using to describe an attenuated virus used as an investigational vaccine that had
reverted to virulence it was a story that many of these medlers were telling in 2020 because i was
there i was arguing with them i was arguing with them i know so when i hear the word attenuated i
don't think oh yeah that's cool whatever that's that's a fancy word that no that's that's part of the
the neuro-linguistic programming that these people are engaged in they're all using a similar
vocabulary which actually provokes a similar idea set a limited spectrum of debate
that's why Dan Saratkin Carl Saratkin and Yuri Dagan and all these people in drastic
and we're using the word attenuated and that's why he chose to use it here because it is a
coordinated symphony of liars ladies and gentlemen they don't just ought to accidentally use the
same words because those words are just shared lexicon among these people that know about pandemics
stop lying attenuated holy balls that our immune system has found so so a virus can you do what
did i think if you go back to this ancestor's thing it probably was attenuated and didn't didn't
really appear in our radar because it was barely making people sick it was less virulent than maybe
what's emerged out of Wuhan but if it was an ancestor it may still have similar proteins
that our immune system has found so so a virus can mutate in a way that doesn't change its
epitopes the epitopes are the proteins on the surface of the virus that your immune system
builds antibodies for you can get a mutation in this virus it's only 30 000 letters long
but only a few of those letters really let's just listen to that again to make sure we see
in our radar because it was barely making people sick it was less virulent than maybe what's
emerged out of Wuhan but if it was an ancestor it may still have similar proteins that our immune
system has found so so a virus can mutate in a way that doesn't change its epitopes the epitopes
are the proteins on the surface of the virus the epitopes are the served on our proteins on the
surface of the virus that's definitely a lie that is immunomythology 101 thanks to Francis Collins
this is what virology wants you to believe but this is a gigantic assumption that that
overlooks the idea that the body the dendritic cells that will the the the antigen presenting
cells that will process whatever these foreign particles are it's not just looking at the outside
of the virus the proteins on the outside of the virus that would be ridiculous and why is that
why is that ridiculous well because when a cell i'm just going to draw a picture because i want
you to see the the depth and the breadth of this guy's bullshit i just it it irks me because he's
pretending to be a biologist that understands where the irreducible complexity is and that he's
teaching you you know how to appreciate it and it's exactly the opposite he's trying to convince
he's trying to mislead young people into thinking that there is no irreducible complexity anymore
antigen presenting cells are going to select most likely the damage associated molecular
patterns that they find presented by cells that are infected huh what are you talking about man
i'm talking about the fact that when a cell is i don't have a picture for it i'll have to
just get my slides out later when a cell is infected if if you believe the cartoon
of the immunology that we have been taught about viruses and so this is again arguing with
kevin mccurnan using mostly accepted principles in virology and immunology which may
in reality be bullshit or be based on bullshit assumptions
but there are still very useful observations that have been made that need to be reinterpreted
and so going on my best reinterpretation i would say that the immune system is challenged
constantly by its environment and by this background signal that he claims is unknown because we
don't sequence everything which i've been saying for three years now in a in a better way and he
has stopped saying in since 2020 i think because he's talking about double-stranded DNA in the shots
only the the argument about whether there was a pandemic or not is irrelevant to his his public
appearances now and so that's notable because one of the points that i make regularly is that
none of these clowns can summarize the crime if these people were calling the cops they would call
the cops and say people were being killed by the shot and that's that's the phone call that they
would make and that's what they would expect the authorities to show up and put everybody
that vaccinated someone in jail that's what they hope and so it doesn't catch the liars it doesn't
catch the people that lied to the dod it doesn't catch the people that lied to
the the patriots in the executive branch to convince them that this was happening
and there are liars who lied to patriots i'm sure of it because the entire government
and the entire dod has not been turned against the american public in the world that would be absurd
but what is possible is that the dod was set up to take a fall it is possible that if you if you
listen to these people talk like like they don't mention everything all the time how many people
do you know that mention the fbi could be behind people like george web or or even robert malone
has anyone ever considered the possibility that the fbi could be running some of these people or
maybe the cia is maybe the state department's intelligence agency is running some of these people
maybe and they're paying a contractor to run these people but to simply say that the dod
is responsible for this pandemic would ignore the lies that p.r. corey has likely told it would
ignore the lies that robert malone has most assuredly told it would ignore the obfuscation that
bret weinstein has engaged in since before the pandemic in 2019 it would ignore the obfuscation
that sam harris has engaged in for for so long as the as the unwitting accomplice of these
weaponized piles of money that he is it's a lot of the same way that if you say there was a mass
psychosis it it excuses the people who induced it if you call exiting a theater because you hear
gunshots and and trampling over people a lemming effect um then and blame it on the people who
who couldn't stay calm when they left the the theater then you're completely absolving the
person who lit the fireworks off in the corner from having caused the problem in the first place and
in this scenario i believe that these people were originally brought on the scene to make sure that
we would debate about whether this natural virus was somebody's responsibility or not
and that we would debate whether our response to it was too harsh or not that was the only
limited spectrum of debate that they thought they were going to need to trap us in and you
can hear it here because he's basically over the next 20 minutes going to completely discount the
idea of a lab leak like if it's a lab leak then you're going to have to prove it because everything
has ancestors that's what he said make sure you understand that it this short into the video
we're only you know a few minutes in he's already said that he's taken the side of the natural
virus because everything has a ancestor and it could have just come and been circulating in the
backwoods of china for a long time where we were at sequencing so he made the peter desak argument
he made the nathan wolf argument that it's a natural virus until proven otherwise
and that's extraordinary because it's hard to prove a negative right so he's setting up the
long haul of the scooby-doo mystery that it's going to take us a while maybe our best evidence
will be that that Rand Paul and Tony Farchie argued in front of the senate it's amazing
it's going to take me a while even with the notes because I really I want this to be the end
I don't there's no more debate after this these words just keep getting more and more
revealing there's just no way that this is this is some random dude this is this is part of the
orchestrated narrative control that was done as a part of a national security operation executed
on us and the world and call the pandemic a pandemic that's what you're seeing here there can be no
doubt in my mind that your immune system builds antibodies for you can get a mutation in this
virus it's only 30,000 letters long but only a few of those letters really code for epitope
proteins proteins your immune system recognizes other mutations like let's say you get a mutation
in the gene that encodes the RNA polymerase that's in there there's an RNA dependent RNA polymerase
that encode it's encoded in this genome that's the thing that copies the RNA let's say that thing
gets mutated so it's faster and it copies an RNA faster and maybe it spreads a little faster
but it doesn't change the surface proteins so your immune system could still see it
but it might spread faster it might replicate faster it might hurt the older population a little bit
more so when you're thinking about the variation that we're already recording on this virus
a good site to go to is called neck strain this is the the team up in Washington in Seattle
doing a great job tracking all of these viruses courage everyone to go take a look at neck strain
this is where all the epidemiology is being done on this and they'll have a phylogenetic tree
there that shows you all of the viruses they've sequenced it's about 3,500 in there today they've
sequenced the entire genome with 3,500 of these that's not a lot when you consider the number of
infections that are around the world we're only getting a really tiny sliver of all the
viruses that are out there through the sequencing program is what they're incredibly valuable
if you look at all 3,000 or 3,500 of those sequences you'll find on average there's about
one variant per virus maybe a little bit less than that there's probably a thousand to 1,500
variants in that database right now so there's a lot of different versions of COVID circulating
not all of those changes actually impact the virility of the of the virus so don't get scared
when people say it's mutating mutations natural usually when viruses mutate they mutate in a way
so that they're less harmful to the host so they can spread faster a virus that kills its host
very quickly doesn't go very far right so they try to find this balance of spread how do we how
do they get the you know how do they spread as far as possible and to do that you really want to
have asymptomatic spread because if you if you're a virus that's asymptomatic you go really far
really fast okay now this thing may have mutated to such a way that it goes really far and really
fast but it happens to be a looped argument so it takes out the top edge of the population that
that's already immunocompromised okay it's ancestors however may not have done that
as ancestors may in fact have been less virulence and spread very quickly but our immune system
may have some record of that and so I think what's going on in the news media is is clickbait and
in fear cells and so everyone's saying it's a new virus we've never seen it before everyone
be afraid to be very afraid the media did it it couldn't possibly be a national security
operation that's co-opted the media it couldn't possibly be an elaborate hoax that's been set up
by hundreds of clowns on the internet that are being paid by weaponized piles of money to make
sure that this controlled demolition of America goes through without a hitch couldn't be a guy
like that oh my gosh I hope he goes to prison someday when there's just no evolutionary basis
for that you know unless this unless you subscribe to the concept that came out of a lab
well then maybe it has a different origin but everything else that's natural has ancestors
and the burden of hope is on those people who claim it doesn't to say that it's somehow
emerged magically out of a bat different theory of its ancestors however may not have done that
as ancestors may in fact have been less virulence and spread very quickly but our immune system may
have some record of that and so I think what's going on in the news media is is clickbait and
fear cells and so everyone's saying it's a new virus we've never seen it before everyone be afraid
be very afraid when there's just no evolutionary basis for that you know unless this unless you
subscribe to the concept that came out of a lab well then maybe it has a different origin but
everything else that's natural has ancestors and the burden of proof is on those people who claim
it doesn't to say that it's somehow emerged magically out of a bat um now there there are
bat sequences out there they're very distant from what's in the human population right now
um and have you heard of the uh the connections to bat and pangolin and cast yes I had uh lord
matt riddley on and he was talking about how why why bats are the particularly evolved to
spread to humans and where the mammal connection is and why okay things like cows don't spread
that many diseases to humans so oh interesting okay well so the right now the literature on this is
that this probably diverged out of bat 40 to 70 years ago all right now we we don't know exactly
when the zoonotic event was like was it in bats for 40 to 70 years and then leapt over to humans
of december or did it leap sometime in the last 40 to 70 years into human uh and if it has been
in human in a less virulent way we probably have never sequenced it you wouldn't particularly in
china you wouldn't go and take an asymptomatic patient and let's just go look at their their
viral DNA or viral RNA that's in that patient because um it's it's a bit um say to go and hunt
for viruses in metagenomic samples it's harder to do metagenomic samples are what this whole
book is about metagenomic samples are how they've always looked for coronaviruses and all the other
dark matter of life um by looking at the background signal and amplifying everything and then feeding
it through an algorithm you can probably pull a lot of stuff out of nowhere I don't know to the
extent to which this can be abused but the idea that it can't be abused is absurd and this is one
of the blocks on which the no virus people have stood very solidly it's another one of those
places where if you just pay attention to their critique of metagenomic sequencing they are sharp
as a knife if you just listen to mark bailey explain what's going on with metagenomic sequencing and
what isn't going on they're sharp as a knife and so it's very interesting that he brings it up
as a technique which is which is usable and high fidelity um it's very comical that this guy
who's later gonna admit the host is gonna admit that he used to work from Monsanto was already
able to score an interview with Matt Ridley who hadn't even finished the book viral with with
Alina Chan yet because of course Alina Chan's paper that details the supposed you know stability
of the SARS-CoV-2 genome relative to the SARS-1 genome that pre-print that hasn't been published
yet but she already got a job at the Broad Institute as a as a staff scientist that hasn't been published
but this book got published that paper that I did two bike rides on and then everybody ignored
including Alina and I couldn't understand why and it was because of course the stability of the
viral genome was not evidence of a lab leak like they wanted it to be the stability of the genome
was evidence that they planted the same genome in multiple places and that's why there seemed to
be very little evidence of evolution during the first six months of SARS-CoV-2 it's also very
possible that the primers that they chose to use belied a a very slow evolutionary rate because
they weren't honestly trying to evaluate the changes that were occurring in the SARS-CoV-2 genome
the problem with it is is that Alina Chan's paper still isn't published the problem is is that I
think Alina Chan's paper actually showed it was quite likely that it started from a highly pure sample
and that's why the divergent speed that is typically observed in viruses that we managed to get a
a consensus genome from wasn't seen Alina Chan's paper showed a 50 amino acid a 50 amino acid that's
not bases that's amino acids changes in some of the sequences of SARS-1 during the course of that year
and it's certainly in the first six months there were huge changes that were occurred every time
they were managed to get another consensus genome however same rate of change was not observed in
the first six months of the genomic information that was available and in fact in May she published
a paper saying it's almost not changing at all and that paper print is not out this book is out
and I believe that pre-print demonstrates that a non-natural phenomenon is being blamed and
being mischaracterized as a pandemic there's no way that this high fidelity of a sequence is
being found in this many places unless they just put it there and there are very simple ways for
them to do it because not only sequencing but the production of synthetic RNA and DNA sequences
has become infinitesimally cheap remarkably fast just like he described so all the
methodologies are there to fake one none of the methodologies are there to create one
and now you know
microbiome which are like the bacteria and fungi that are in your body really readily
because they have conserved sequences that make it really easy to spend in human in a less
virulent way we probably have never sequenced it you wouldn't particularly in china you wouldn't
go and take an asymptomatic patient and let's just go look at their viral DNA or viral RNA that's in
that patient because it's it's a bit like I say to go and hunt for viruses in metagenomic samples
it's harder to do we can sequence your microbiome which are like the bacteria and fungi that are in
your body really readily because they have conserved sequences that make it really easy
to target them with with PCR amplify them and sequence them and get beautiful pictures
the viruses don't have these conserved sequences so you really have to sequence all the RNA that's
so he's he's admitting that it's actually hard to use a PCR test to just to just find a virus it's
very easy to use metagenomic sequence to characterize your genome and the genome composition of your
microbiome which is of course extremely valuable data that everybody acknowledges we all want to
collect on each other on our children over time multiple times you know like when you sample from
a guys who are a girl saliva at college for weeks in a time week after week it's very trivial to
get a sample of the microbiome and of the genome week after week it's really easy it's trivial but
to sequence a virus week after week is quite difficult says kevin mccernan of the human genome
project mit and whitehead institute shall we run it back so you can hear exactly how malevolent it is
what he says and understand that the words cannot be misconstrued to mean anything else it's very
very easy for us it's trivial for us to sequence your genome and to sequence and characterize your
microbiome from a sample like this it is not trivial to characterize all of the viruses in there
because there's so many mutations but we can go out into the jungle and sequence viruses with a
little usb stick i don't get it what's happening here you're watching a liar engage in the active
curation of a mythology that extends before the pandemic to basically edify all public health
narratives including the vaccine schedule which i guarantee you kevin mccernan will never ever ever
question at least peter mcculler is doing that at least nick hudson is doing that speaking out
against vaccines in general is something that none of these cowards will ever do because
they play for them
i know he's not going to do it in 2020 obviously but he won't do it in 2025 either
he plays for them he's been playing for them since he dropped out of college don't you get it
okay well so the right now the literature on this is that this probably diverged out of bat
40 to 70 years ago all right now we we don't know exactly when the zoonotic event was like was it
in bats for 40 to 70 years and then left over to humans in december or did it leap sometime
in the last 40 to 70 years into human and if it has been in human in a less virulent way we
probably have never sequenced it you wouldn't particularly in china you wouldn't go and take
an asymptomatic patient and is he repeating himself or is it just me is he already in the hamster
wheel or is it just me is he repeating this for vance to make sure that vance gets it because he's
not saying it better he's not giving more detail here this is the same bullshit thing he said five
minutes ago that oh you don't sequenced up we don't get sick you could have been going around and
he's repeating himself and let's just go look at their their viral DNA or viral RNA that's in that
patient because it's it's a bit like i say to go and hunt for viruses and in metagenomic samples
it's harder to do we we can sequence your microbiome which are like the bacteria and fungi that are
in your body really readily because they have conserved sequences that make it really easy
to target them with with PCR amplify them and sequence them and get beautiful pictures the viruses
don't have these conserved sequences so you really have to sequence all the RNA that's present in
someone's in someone's sampling to find the viruses you have to spend a lot of money sequencing
to find these needle wait what i thought we could use a PCR test with a single primer
that's what the FDA did i've got the documents i'm assisting with a case right now in california
where the test was only one amplicon for the end protein what the hell is this guy talking about
we don't need to sequence all the RNA in a sample did he just make a huge mistake here
or am i just crazy like i think he made a gigantic mistake here that's something that he's
certainly never said again i bet right after this robert malone sat him down and goes look dude
at 17 minutes or something you say some bullshit here you got to be careful
we're not going to be sequencing all the RNA and all these patients what are you talking about
kevin you got to be really careful dude i'm going to run it back so you can hear how wonderful it is
i don't know if you can try to misinterpret this i don't know if somebody could explain it to me in
a better way but it sure sounds like he says some pretty pretty incredible shit here in china you
wouldn't go and take an asymptomatic patient and let's just go look at their their viral DNA or viral
RNA that's in that patient because um it's it's a bit um like i say to go and hunt for viruses in
in in uh in metagenomic samples it's harder to do um we we can sequence your microbiome which are
like the bacteria and fungi that are in your body really readily because they have conserved
sequences that make it really easy to target them with with PCR amplify them and sequence them and
get beautiful pictures the viruses don't have these conserved sequences so you really have to
sequence all the RNA that's present in someone's in someone's sampling to find the viruses so you
have to spend a lot of money sequencing to find these needle in the haystacks and i don't think
anybody does that on patients that are asymptomatic there's just no financial motives to it but once
it becomes virulent people start sequencing and then they see all right we have a new virus we
haven't really seen before and the closest thing to is 40 to 70 years ago in bats and that's the gap
that we have so there's a lot of information missing between what's known as rat g13 which is the
bat virus um 40 to 70 years ago and the wuhan thing that we detected back in december and unless you
believe viral evolution stopped in that time frame and this thing just popped out of nowhere um i
don't really subscribe to that i think it has ancestors that are slightly different from what
we have today that date all the way back to the zoonotic event and those ancestors are something
that are really important to understand to get the epidemiology of this right to know what are
the actual antibody repertoires that are in the human population they're going to be more related
to the ancestors than this most recent thing that's only recently spread through the population since
since since don't forget ladies and gentlemen that this might be just before the supreme court
decided to say that antibody as intellectual property is kind of bullshit let me repeat that
i'm not really sure when the supreme court decided that antibodies as intellectual property were kind
of resting on some shaky ground wiggly um and that they wouldn't stand up to the strict scrutiny of a
patent challenge uh based on a yales law school review called the antibody patent paradox that
none other than that very easy to ignore guy named snooze-atronic found about two years ago
and so mark kulek and i but thanks to mark covered the antibody patent paradox in this
huge i mean mega shift in the way that intellectual property could be valued behind the scenes at
at big pharmaceutical companies because heretofore if you buy a company you buy their ip and a lot
of that ip might be monoclonal antibodies for this or that and monoclonal antibodies as patents
were noticed to be kind of cookie cutter and noticed to be kind of biologically
incorrect and that the assumptions that are made in the you know this is how you make the
antibody and therefore we make something and so you have to give us a patent that whole
supporting argument ends up to be based on a lot of biological hand waving and the supreme
court basically said that um and this of course is a 150 dot of 50 billion dollar industry before
the pandemic and so a lot of the the wrangling behind the scenes at the beginning of the pandemic
remember a couple of three weeks ago we watched this interesting um tabletop discussion with
donald trump and a lot of these people from these different companies and antibodies were at the
fore and i believe that antibodies were at the fore because this this antibody paradox thing
hadn't actually landed yet and so it's very curious that here he is on the internet
again talking about what you should hear as essentially intellectual property
Antibodies are potential intellectual property a repertoire of three antibodies is an intellectual
property that could be given as an example would be z-map for example this combination cocktail
of three monoclonal antibodies that was being tested by Canadian researchers and by American
researchers with regard to Ebola or something like that or compared to remdesivir or something
like that and so there are therapeutic combinations of monoclonal antibodies and even those combinations
in theory were weakened in their intellectual property value by this change in in the in the
the thinking of the supreme court and yet here of course at april 24th 2020 it's highly likely
that this isn't this isn't the case yet and so antibodies are still this big thing where
you know there's a lot of there's a lot of potential money to be made with already existing
product lines and already existing manufacturing pipelines that don't need to be changed at all
and so he would know that of course because he's been in this since he was a teenager
i say snooze-atronic with the utmost affection of course you know that mark and i are as
as thick as themes tember so do you think that this is a dangerous disease
i don't think it's much more dangerous than the flu and i know there's hashtags out there you know
shaming scientists who say not the you know not the flu or it is the flu but if you look at a lot
of the antibody data is coming out um you gotta be a little bit cautious of the antibody data
these are early antibody tests or through the FDA um not that the FDA makes them any safer but
they are they do go through some review to see that other other people can reproduce these these
results but the the false positives and the false negative rates might be between two and five
percent on some of these tests so that means if you want to look for the population presence of a
disease that's below two or five percent you have a hard time doing it because the false positives in
the test end up looking either the right about the same rate of population prevalence when the
population prevalence gets to the point where it is like in new york um these false
different rates are are more in the noise compared to the actual real positive rate and so
we're in a perfect time frame to figure this out right now a lot of the state is rolling in and in
the places where the population prevalence of the disease is high i believe the antibody data
and i think we're starting to see that in new york in other places there's a really high load like
two percent of the population in new york has antibodies that's not a false positive from the
test it might be false he's saying antibodies a lot right there you hear that right now it's
repeating so often it's like the term and that is a a absolute conscious choice because there are
somewhere between 20 and and and 30 other cell types and processes in the immune response
relevant to a respiratory virus that could be discussed if you just wanted to go into the bear
literature of coronaviruses you would go back to 2005 or so where the um what's his name oh it's
gonna i'm gonna i'm missing it um i'm getting it mixed up with stanley plock and his name is
the other coronavirus guy is stanley something i think um stanley shard he's at he's at iowa
and he's on the who committee for coronaviruses and he did the first papers after sars which
looked at what mice and their immune systems what where the response is and he found that um
he found yeah stanley pearlman jeff from earth you are the man um stanley pearlman found that it was
the t-cells that were required in the t-cell memory that gets made to the RNA dependent RNA
polymerase that was did a determining factor in whether mice could um survive an inoculation
of of the sars virus clone so they took this this RNA and they put it in a mouse and it made
them sick and a lot of the mice died but only the ones that that had their thalamus removed
thymus removed excuse me they had their thymus removed those those animals died immediately
the ones that had their thymus intact could recover and in fact it was the t-cells
that that are in the title you know t-cells are required for for clearance of sars or whatever it
was and so it's really interesting that that he is so focused on the frances collins model of
immunity the tony fauci model of immunity the niaid model of immunity the correlate of immunity
that the fda that he says sucks and is in the way all the time that's the only correlative
immunity that the the fda uses so in one sense he's going to hammer the fda or hammer these people
but in the same sense he's totally fine with antibodies being as the primary indicator of
immunity because he keeps saying it over and over again to this guy who clearly needs more education
you
incredible it's an incredible thing to see in real time
positive is elevating that number from like maybe 10 to 14 percent but it's there's no way
the false positive numbers in those tests are actually causing the entire number of those tests
to go to go to go on positive so so that the test will get better i think what's going to
happen is people will start deploying two different antibody tests to every patient and that will
error correct some of this noise that's going on right now some of this noise is because when
you design an antibody test you have to pick one antibody to go against the virus you really
should probably be picking two or three because there's enough variation in these viruses that
you might you want to have two different checks on it if you will it's kind of like measure twice
cut once philosophy i'm building this is all intellectual property of him and his friends
you see it right we need more tests we need more tests we need more products we need more
IP we need more EUAs but EUAs are bad in a little while but um they're bad because they they take
so much paperwork we should just let people do stuff a lot of people use in these testing so I
think when people start deploying two tests against a lot of the patients we'll wipe out a lot of
this noise to the false negatives and false positives and get a much better picture yeah deploy
studies are starting to do that but even if you look across the globe the antibody numbers are
coming in high and so that changes your thesis in the epidemiology if the antibodies are that
high this is either spreading a lot faster than we think just possible um or it's been here a lot
longer and he's spreading at the same rate i think it's more likely the latter that it's been here
longer people have been getting asymptomatic buildup of antibodies uh and see what's dangerous
here is that this is before the all the all the arguing and all the cover-ups and all the emails
are released so he sounds pretty reasonable right i i don't think it's a lab leak i think it's much
easier to explain that it just emerged from a background and now we're we're tracking some
rogue mutant but he can't possibly get to the stage where the national security state would be
lying about that background he can't possibly get to the state where the fear and uncertainty and
lying about that background and then associating bad protocols with the identification of that
bad background could result in the murder of americans that the national security state would
lie about in order to convince americans to accept transfection technologies as investigational
vaccine and that there's no way that somebody who used to work for the human genome project
would ever be involved in such a an elaborate illusion
and of course i believe that he is that we didn't know about because they weren't presenting
complications in hospitals and so we have a a little bit of level of herd immunity
now herd immunity is a term it doesn't often get used until you're above like 50 or 60 percent
and we may not be there yet but we're on the way there and we will probably be there very shortly
in some areas where the vast majority of the population starts to get antibodies to this
and then you have to stop and ask what's the ledger on this right we've got we've got this
concern of millions of deaths which haven't occurred and i think they haven't occurred because those
models frankly assumed a an immuno naive population that this virus would be hitting they assumed the
virus was so new that our systems had never seen it before and therefore everyone who got hit with
it would be would not have antibodies now i think it's important to understand that explaining this
is important it was important for the national security state narrative to come
because again what is he explaining he's re-explaining that the government response
might be worse and because they were responding to what he didn't say the words but you can hear it
the worst case scenario was he thought that everybody would be vulnerable and if everybody's
vulnerable that is a worst case scenario so he agrees with that but what he thinks is is that
there's previous immunity that is making their predictions not come true then separate from that
there are these bad models that are also making predictions that aren't coming true and so it
seems like the government response although it's well-meaning may have been bungled it may be
hurting more people than i thought and so he's making this argument that's not very different
from now not making a very different argument from j about a charia and these other people that were
on this this great barrington declaration
if i disappear it's because that's a missile coming in but i don't think it's a missile
maybe that's being challenged right now maybe some people do have antibodies and so it's not
spreading as fast and as commercial as they thought the other side of the ledger is
government response to this uh which i think throughout history can be far more deadly than
any virus if you're not careful unleashing government action you can end up with stallions
and miles and pole pop now it's interesting it's interesting because who made this argument as well
actually jordan peterson did if you remember very carefully to the one clip of him i've ever
used he argued that fighting infectious disease because infectious disease often brings in
totalitarian governments we might be fighting totalitarianism across the world by eradicating
infectious disease do you remember that he said that please tell me you skilled giga ohm
watchers can remember how many times we listen to him say that that eradicating
infectious disease may actually eradicate totalitarianism and that would be really cool
and here is kevin mccernan in april of 2020 saying that well i mean if you give government
total control i mean you know in one of these black swan events you could end up with a pole
pod or a stallion i mean man alive if you can't see how spectacular this is i really don't know how
to help you hudson and hitlers that that maybe they have good intentions maybe they don't but
they put in these decentralized plans that end up destroying economies and starving millions of
people uh now we've got what 26 million people unemployed has that the numbers come out yet
okay so um yeah that ledger needs to be considered in this uh if you're weighing
a precautionary principle on this say this could be very deadly it's an exponent it's a black swan
we need to be very cautious here uh if you don't apply that same precautionary principle on the
repercussions of government intervention uh you're really cheating the world you're really not being
honest with yourself because you can have the government go in and just wreck the economy with
26 million unemployed and kill far more people i mean you know right now state street cancer
patients are considered non-essential or there's with their electives this is nuts the hospitals
are empty and laying people off that's doubly nuts uh so if we're not treating cancer patients
and they're dying is that murder or not kevin if we're not treating cancer patients and we're
calling them covet is that murder or not kevin if we're finding lots of ways to drive up
all cause mortality and and you see this is the exact cognitive dissonance that these people are
were from the very beginning employed to to enact on us and and teach to our children
via social media and we bought it hook line and sinker so that that precautionary principle is
very dangerous to use if you don't take a bossy out approach here where you look at the scene
in the unseen if you only look at the scene saying we see all this viruses
we're gonna we're gonna shut down the economy and you don't stop and look at well what is the
impact of economic collapse uh you're not being honest that's that's not a balance sheet that's
that's that's wait so is he predicting economic collapse in in the april of 2020
sure sounds like he knows a lot doesn't it for being a molecular biologist that's sequencing
pot he sure knows a lot about about how the world works and how totalitarianism works and how a
pandemic might be used to results in economic collapse boy it'd be it'd be sure bad if if
essentially the pandemic ended up to be a controlled demolition of my home country wouldn't it
capital t trader ladies and gentlemen in my humble opinion this is a capital t trader
selling out my kids and yours right now for the highest bidder as as experimental animals in
their transhuman plan to i don't know use ai to crack the genome i guess
oh that's the wrong mouse gee whiz that's bias and i think the media is all focused on that bias
i am uh equally worried about the the loss of liberty and i and i when i brought it up with
people in just the simplest of terms should should we suspend the ability for people to be able to
go to church for this disease because that was a right before and people were like absolutely
that right doesn't exist and and and and would fight basically anybody to say that
that you shouldn't go to church and that should be suspended and give him a little time he's
gonna argue about masks thinking like well if you take away that power what's to make certain that
you you'll get it back from from the from the larger government and nobody thinks about that
because they think we're all in a time of caring and pulling together but maybe pulling together
is centralizing governmental authority far more than what people are calculating i think you've
hit on it right there is this is a decentralizing virus it's changing itself it's spreading across
the globe into many different geographic niches and you cannot kill that thing by centralizing
human decision-making you have to decentralize human decision-making we have to kill that thing
how can adapt to this differently can't kill that thing floating around in china is not the
same as the one that's right now and in sweetie nor is it the same one that's that's necessarily
in other geographic zones because they've mutated and the population they've entered is different
but that's not what the sequences show don't you see don't you see he's he what is he talking
about right now he's talking about bullshit because a few months from now the the actually
a month from this date alina chan's gonna release data that shows that that's this is not a case
at all the virus is the same everywhere matt riddly publishes a book with alina chan
but that paper never comes out it just remained a pre-print and is now gone and she works at the
broad institute at mit the broad institute you know where where where lander works his former boss at
the at the human genome project it's not that big of a clown car and they all fit in it don't you see
how is it possible that it's so easy for mark and I to put these simple people puzzles together and see
that this is a a coordinated symphony a lollapalooza of liars and it doesn't matter what stage you rock to
you're always going to be rocking to a form of the selected narrative of the state the all of the
presuppositions will never be questioned
we are not even close to done with this
poser clown trader okay so there are papers now showing that the the polymorphisms in the ace
two gene this is the gene that the that the um the the virus enters into the cell right well
there are variants in those genes and some granted this is early it's pre-print data um but the
preliminary data on this shows that there are certain mutations in the human population that
are going to make the virus bind more effectively and other ones that are going to block it so
already know there's a spectrum of human polymorphisms that are going to react differently to any given
viral strain and on top of that we have a matrix of different strains that have different variants
that are circulating so um another paper came out yesterday suggesting there are variants in the
hla region of the of the human genome this is a region that's involved in immune uh an immune
response so which one was at the ace two paper or the hla receptor paper which was
misconstrued distorted as or presented as evidence that different ethnicities would have
greater vulnerability to the virus was it both of them i don't even remember
isn't it curious that this guy's pushing this out now and that you know three years later there
would be a little video of robert f Kennedy jr. saying exactly the same thing at a dinner that
would go viral that it was a designer virus that was engineered to hit a certain racial group
what other raccoons have you heard say that before
that certain hla genotypes are actually more susceptible to covet fatality um so as this thing
is moving from new york to kentucky to the it's not moving from new york to kentucky
because there's no evidence of spread from new york to new jersey you
but of course at this time in april 2024 pere kori was just getting into his group
he had just recently dropped in air dropped into new york city and i just recently dropped into
a bunch of of podcasts to tell everybody that this this indicator right here was going to save
the united states because all the people that come to his hospital have a pulse ox of like 80
it's a coordinated symphony of liars that was unleashed on us in 2020 and until you dig deep
enough you're not going to see how how awful it is why am i attacking everyone because there
aren't very many good guys ladies and gentlemen that's the reality if you don't like that then i
guess this program isn't for you i guess reality is a little too much for you to chew on
but is it really that surprising if you watch that 2017 girdano interview or or lecture that
you don't think that with a few million dollars they couldn't get a bunch of schmoes on the internet
to span the spectrum from kevin mccernan to kevin mccernan to to Andy coughman and tom cow and all
the way to debunk the funk brian wilson or what dan wilson whatever his name is they're paid for
by different weaponized piles of money but they're all clowns performing the same limited spectrum
of debate dance on one of many stages at the lollapalooza of liars
and the reason why i'm so upset with this guy is because he messed with me and my family for
a really the whole pandemic basically from 2021 on he has been trying to be influential in
in limiting my spectrum of debate and i believe he also engaged in tortious interference with
a business relationship because he like christine grace sent some kind of random
complaining letter to mary holland who was guess what already on their team in some way
because she's been involved in a year few years now of sabotaging the efforts of chd wasting
their money spending it on ridiculous things instead of you know saving children
ladies and gentlemen i know that this is hard to swallow but there aren't very many good people
anymore and the ones that the programmed algorithms and programmed software of social media put in
front of people are not good guys can you not imagine that that twitter does not allow you to
see good guys unless you are conscious of who they are already have you not imagine the scenario
that facebook does not let you see who the good guys are unless you already know who they are
skilled social media browsing cannot be used to find the truth skilled social media browsing to
find the truth will lead you to kevin mccernan it will lead you to sof's mom it will lead you to
pere cori on dr drew or pere cori at the the the national citizens inquiry in canada that has
been wholly co-opted and is no longer the citizen led movement that it was a year a year and a half
ago these weaponized piles of money aren't going to give up because this is for all the marbles and
in order for you to see who these weaponized piles of money have working for them you're going to
have to work a little harder than signing into twitter you're gonna have to look work a little
harder than allowing the youtube algorithm to teach you you're gonna have to listen to the words
that they said in 2020 and really accept what they mean i got lots of pages to go lots of time to sit
this isn't done until it's done play the same centralized plan in both of those places that's
the virus that's the biggest danger we face is that we take a one-size-fits-all approach
and and roll that out into the marketplace so i think when these people are saying we need to
centralize when you one guy in charge they're not recognizing that the right thing to do in a
pandemic isn't to choke the economy to have one guy run it i mean look last night he's talking
about disinfectants in your blood right talking about trumpy trump don't want to say his name because
he has you know trump's a bad guy here comes that's not the answer the answer is to stimulate
the economy rip all the regulations off of it turbocharged the economy let everyone go to town
on this thing and we'll have drugs and solutions no regulations at all rip all of it down wow what
does he think the prep act does what does he think an EUA is this is already absolutely
hilarious to me because instead of saying that by declaring a emergency under the prep act they
have ripped down all the regulations he actually pretends as though it's not doing anything for him
you're going to hear in a minute that the EUA is a pain in the ass you got to have people like
robert malone help you get the EUA's far faster than we will if we let everybody sit around and
wait for one guy to push each option through the FDA that's not going to solve this it's different
in every jurisdiction every local environmental condition in every hospital
has different demographics different viral loads different viruses and different genetic
populations they're dealing with and what they find works in alaska's likely to be very different
than what they find working in miami and and and to essentially control this and govern this as
action does he mean that ivermectin might care cancer in miami but it won't care cancer in
alaska or does he mean that the prophylactic use of ivermectin will only work where the variants
that are vulnerable to ivermectin go holy shit it's really hilarious what's going on here i mean
i can't believe it actually the biggest virus we have going around do you think that uh the
also the bad ideas are also virus you see the bad ideas are also virus everything can be
referred to as virus we don't need to talk about murder it's virus we don't have to talk about
bad ideas and bad it's all a virus that's going around oh my gosh i'm i'm sad i'm sad that i didn't
watch this like two years ago so that when i still had a chance to talk to him that i could call him
the trainer that he was right to his face demographics different viral loads different viruses and
different genetic populations they're dealing with what a monster they find works in alaska's
likely to be very different than what they find working in miami and and and to essentially control
this and governess is actually the biggest virus we have going around do you think that uh the
destruction the the hospitals being overrun in new york was a result of them being overprepared
or are you saying no i actually i believe that they had many many more people in the emergency
room than normal but that um that what do you believe happened in new york city is the host
asking right now 24th of april 2020 we've got here cori telling us what happened in new york so it
would be very surprising to me if he doesn't say oh my gosh there were crazy cases everywhere even
though we know there weren't the the containment of it was always going to be at this level well
you've got to back up and say why why didn't they have enough beds right there's certificate of
need law that the house in order of hospital to build out beds in new york they have to get their
competitor hospital to approve it that's why they're in enough beds that's the problem with central
wise plan hey jessica did they run out of beds in new york city hey jessica hockett did they run
out of beds in new york city what in that sam hell is he talking about here wow i gotta run that
back to make sure i heard it all in one go was a result of them being over prepared or are you
saying no i actually i believe that they had many many more people in the emergency room than normal
but that um the the containment of it was always going to be at this level well you you've got it
back up and say why why didn't they have enough beds stop lying certificate of need law that the
house in order of hospital to build out beds in new york they have to get their competitor hospital to
approve it that's why there are enough beds that's the problem with centralized planning you you've
got a government who put regulations in place that have certificate of need laws give it to those
uh those don't make any sense i've never heard of that so yeah so if the hospital the the
the health care industry the reason there are asks in a first world country is nothing to do
their inability to make masks it has to do with the fact that we've got regulations that make it
economically unwise to make them in the united states do to labor laws and and perhaps maybe
environmental laws so they all got pushed overseas but we know how to make paper masks the country
could do it but it's it's they need to go through the fda a mask and these go through the fda right
and at one point when they realized that the f masks make no mistake about it kevin mccernan is
advert advocating for masks and he's upset because the fda got in the way and so we don't have as
many masks as we need because the fda is such a pain in the ass especially during a prep act
declared pandemic an emergency declared by health and human services the fda is still a pain in the
ass says kevin mccernan ladies and gentlemen this is this is major league trader is lying here
so
yeah so if the hospital the the the health care industry the reason there are asks in a first world
country is nothing to do their inability to make masks it has to do the fact that we've got
regulations that make it economically unwise to make them in the united states do to labor laws
and and perhaps maybe environmental laws so they all got pushed overseas but we know how to make
paper masks the country could do it but it's it's they need to go through the fda a mask and these
go through the fda right and at one point when they realized that the fda was in the way they
told people to wear bandanas i mean this is this is not being spoken about but it's it's because of
the fda that we have them micromanaging whether a mask is safe or not that we don't have enough
masks we don't have enough masks says kevin mccernan
we don't have enough masks says kevin mccernan why because the fda this virus is spreading so
fast asymptomatically that we have to get rid of the fda to fight it
i'm starting to get a little angry now i'm going to need to do something here i don't know what but
and and then get in trump involved saying i'm going to make all the masks and then bid against
the local politicians to own all the masks and then give them back to them and some kind of
political gestures is just all show uh the the real root of the problem here is that why do we
have the fda regulating 25 cents of every dollar ever spent they're unelected right they they pay
no price when they're wrong and if you look at the revenue streams from the fda two-thirds of the
revenue coming from the fda are from the padufa act of 92 padufa act in 92 means that the fda
is paid by the people they regulate the pharmaceutical industry so he's telling us to pay
attention to two different laws that probably don't matter at all relative to the prep act
he's literally avoiding saying that the prep act is the foundation for the emergency under which
euas are granted and how the fda is currently acting is in the context of the emergency declared
under the prep act instead he's talking about certificate of need laws
and some act in the 90s that gave the fda some power do you see it ladies and gentlemen yet
for how awful and malevolent it really is and how there is no other way to assume what he was doing
in front of the senate talking about double-stranded RNA or double-stranded DNA contamination of the
mRNA shots he is still acting as part of this narrative control group and these controllers
are effectively working against you your family and every other american
that at one point or another believe that their government was working on their behalf
and we have been we have been turned over we have been sacrificed by traders that are inside of our
government and inside of other western governments that's for sure and i believe that this man is
cooperating with those traders for the benefit of his family and multi-generational wealth that he
has already built and in fact if you look at any of these people that have actually risen
significantly on social media all of them are in the midst of building intergenerational wealth
they're all trying to escape the millionaire velocity that they're just tasting for the first
time in their long lame lives and they're seeing as much as they can get before this whole illusion
collapses that's what you see now
and this man is one of the highest players because of his extended extended experience
working with them he's been up he's been a player on their team since he he took the intellectual
property from from mit and whitehead and started his first company
wittingly or unwittingly probably because of his dad's connections he's already been playing
for the national security state the biosecurity state that is trying to globally enslave humanity
he was probably aware that this plan was coming for much longer than any of us ever dreamed
and that's why he's so comfortable talking this level of nonsense in this precise of terms
and why he is repeating things about the FDA and about viruses and about virology or about
testing and antibodies and antibodies and antibodies because it is a narrative control operation
and this crow guy Vance Crow is probably just just not sophisticated enough to understand
and how could you be when somebody like Kevin McCurnan is coordinatedly lying with someone
like Robert Malone and Francis Collins and Tony Fauci and Peter Dasek and Ralph Barrick and all
these other people who are aware that a pandemic of an RNA virus is impossible but it's a very
very good story with which to enslave generations is who's paying the FDA that's where most of their
money comes from all right so how are they an adequate regulatory agency when most of their
revenues come up from the people they're supposed to be the watchdog for all right this isn't a
regulatory system this is a bribery system veiled as a regulatory system that enables large entities
that can afford the process to get through and they all swap like a revolving door but it's a really
it's a really strange position to take in light of the prep act emergency
and he's going to double down on it listen it's going to go on and on and on he's making a mountain
out of a non-existent mole hill the FDA is not in the way they're giving FDA they're giving EUAs
to anyone and everything I've got evidence of what they they approved in California as a PCR test
and it's laughable it was a PCR test that was actually produced and manufactured by the largest
genomic company in in China and used to test municipal employees in in the United States for
coronavirus for a with a single amplicon in April of 2020 exactly when this video is from
and this video he says that you have to sequence all the RNA in someone to hope to get the viruses
it's a lot harder than sequencing the whole genome or the microbiome which we can do very easily with
metagenomic sequencing there are mistakes in this video ladies and gentlemen because they were arrogant
because they never thought that they would get so far off script that over 60 percent of Americans
would not be fully vaccinated and 40 percent of Americans would be untouched they never thought
they would be in this quandary but they are thanks to us just a few of us not very many of us and
certainly no mice there's no mouse army coming to save us most of the mouse army is full of shit
and so if you are a mouse it's time to become just use your normal name or at least ditch the
mouse thing because it has been co-opted by medlers just like the mutton crew but different
just like the people that follow around certain people in sub-stack comments so it looks like
there's a conversation going wow it sure looks like people are taking this clown seriously
but that's the only way people take clowns seriously if you put them on a podcast and have someone
else say wow you're blowing my mind dude i've no one's ever said this before dude and now there's
an illusion of consensus in front of your face that you can't seem to break the illusion of
that's what the senate committee was even if there were good people like del big tree or or
brian hooker who are good or maybe not i don't know i'm i'm sure brian hooker is a good guy
but how much good can brian hooker do when he's surrounded by liars like kevin mccernan and and
and and jill glass poule melon robert melon maryll nass harvey rish
pere quarry
there are some really hardcore players ladies and gentlemen that make it very hard for other
well-meaning unwitting participants to break out this is one of the worst ones that's why i'm working
so hard on this video today this guy has more people fooled than anybody and the consensus that
steve kirsch thinks he's right and and mccernan thinks steve kirsch is right and that that illusion
of consensus then makes other people think that well then they can't all be wrong right
all you got to do is have one private conversation with kevin and and steve kirsch and robert melon
on a on a private zoom chat where they're all agreeing to try and manipulate you and you're done
unless you already know that they're liars and so more than anything what needs to happen right
now is that we need to we need to be on the shadow of a doubt demonstrate that these people were
telling us lies in 2020 and therefore we should not take them seriously into 2024
best-case scenario for someone like robert melon is that he there isn't much recorded and he wasn't
saying very much because he was working so hard to get a novio approved or get a novio into the ring
but once that became clear that that wasn't going to happen jill and robert decided to start claiming
the intellectual property of genetic vaccines for themselves in hopes that they would get some
credit when the nobel prize was inevitably rewarded
then robert melon accidentally revealed that peter colis was the guy who designed those lmp's
and then we found this video where he says that we've never been able to control where they grow
or where they go they always go everywhere i wasted lots of people's lives on that
you don't think that this guy who's been in bio tech for his whole life knows that already knew
that already at the start of the pandemic knows that that's a real issue right now and instead
is talking about irrelevant laws and trying to slag off the fda even though the fda doesn't
do anything once a an emergency is declared all they do is just sign pages
listen to the story that he's about to tell you about how bad the fda is between the different
boards from fishers board into the fda to monsanto's board into the fda this isn't what america thinks
this is a highly sophisticated wealth redistribution system that's going on
and and that's why we don't have masks that's why we don't have beds so if you get rid of those
centralized we don't have masks and we don't have beds because of the fda and bad laws so keep in
mind jessica hocket in case you catch this later he says that the problem in in in new york city
was the lack of beds and something called a certificate of need law plans the economy will
work but what's happening is people are saying ah this guy's falling we need more central plans
and it gets worse so i i don't that that's my two cents on it is that this is an artifact of
choking an economy not unleashing it i mean of the 30-some odd guess that i've had no one has said
anything to me as dangerous as the thing that you just said there like um i'm i'm all the way
to the point of being uncomfortable for the first time on my own show but i i know like
regulatory capture is a real thing people don't realize that the that in my example i used to work
at monsanto and the the the people that were protesting against monsanto that stood outside
and and held up posters they weren't paid for by monsanto but if monsanto could have paid for
them they would have paid for double of them why because the protesters made them go out and make
everybody afraid of of uh genetic engineering and what you can be spraying out there and so
they would go to the government and they'd say you know what you're right people are afraid go
ahead and give us a few more years of regulation and we'll prove that it's safe by the way each
additional year that you stack on is ten more million dollars in regulatory burdens so if a
little company wants to come in and compete they now have to get through 13 years of regulatory
trials at ten million dollars a year there's no chance it's a giant moat built around it and
it makes it so we have a very choked out uh biotechs interesting so the argument that he makes is
that monsanto is fine with the fda extending the years that they investigate because then that
makes it harder for competitors to catch up i wonder what pamela thinks of that i think that
sounds like uh that sounds like a pretty bullshit argument to me it hurts small companies is
it helps giant companies because the fda doesn't do shit that that's what they should have said
right i don't know but maybe it's it's probably both custom maybe it's a reasonable point let me
let me just kill this phone really well wait maybe someone else killed it i never use that
line so it's probably the census calling to see if i'm still around no worries no worries i'll cut
it out why would the census call him to see if he's still around uh yeah i mean that that's um
so i've been involved in a lot of small startups and so i see this and feel this pressure all the
time when you're a ten person company and you're trying to compete with giants like kaijin or these
large entities they have a lot of advantages that are mostly regulatory uh and the same
thing's true with the testing going on right now so right now um have a look at what happened with
the cdc right they were the only people allowed to do testing for covid when this first hit that
hit the shore they they filed up the test took us forever to get all the other labs started now in
order uh to get your lab to run a covid test you couldn't just be any other lab you had to then go
to the fda and get an emergency use authorization which shows is an EUA one of the things i would
say to nano sensors in the chat um i appreciate that comment is they will for sure exaggerate the
fidelity of the end product so imagine that they can make RNA with a with some kind of molecular
printer and then they they print out you know a lot of RNA and then they give you an eppendorf
tube i think the exaggeration is going to be that here you go this is an eppendorf tube full
of only one RNA and we can prove it when in reality there's probably a lot of mistakes a lot of
errors a lot of partials a lot of whatever's and so maybe the average is what they want it to be
or maybe the a majority of molecules present are what they want to be but the amount of contamination
that will be present the amount of incompleteness whatever um i think that noise is such a significant
fraction and such a potential you know you're not going to be able to understand but all those
things will do right so that that i think is one of the points that definitely needs to be made that
they they don't that they even if we we're already giving them something i'll say it that way if we
if we assume that an infectious clone for example which we're now trying to call a DNA clone or an
RNA clone when it's made is it really a clone it's probably not um because that's also a stochastic
process so it's a very good point um again the exaggeration of fidelity cannot be underestimated
they're always doing it um i think okay to get the test approved by the fda i used to be in the
testing space too i ran a klea laboratory um klea is a certain regulatory certification you get to
be able to do test human samples um it's a racket as well we'll touch on that but that's fda um
that's that's that's it's a violation i think of of the human genome project we did we did the human
genome project so you could effectively read your own genome and now you can't the government has to
get involved if you ever want to read your genome this is like the human genome project it's a violation
of the human genome project because we did the human genome project so you can read your own
what that's weird 23 means been regulated in weird ways as well but back to the cdc is they
declare monopoly no no lab wants to go and build a test that the cdc is declared monopoly over so
we're all unprepared cdc fumbles a test cries uncle asks everyone else to get involved fda
substance that's wait a minute you can't just go and do this test without an emergency use
authorization in case of emergency you have to break glass and oh sorry don't break the glass
you have to fill out 10 pieces of paperwork and send it to us as to why you want to help out
in this emergency thank god that steve kirsch had robert malone to help out with those 10 pages
of paperwork right the research that i've done as a result of consulting for a case in california
has led me to believe that there wasn't much to do other than to write a you could probably cut and
paste a methodology and and and fill out where you were going to get your test from and send it in
and and some random guy from the microbiologic section of the fda would just sign it and say
here's your letter that says you can go but he is actually here spending time like multiple
multiple 10 minute segments trying to convince you that the fda even in a prep act emergency which
i'm not going to actually speak out loud of course because that would tell you the law that's relevant
here that in a prep act's emergency these damn euas that fda just gets in a way it's just so crazy
it's just shitty it's too much paperwork without a friend like robert malone how does anybody get
through this stuff right i mean that that's insane when there's an emergency you need to get rid of
the paperwork not not ask people to fill it out so every he's repeating he's repeating himself
one right now is trying to get emergency used authorizations for their kids so they can get
into the marketplace and the fda's choke i'm sure the people there are working really hard late at
night i know some of them they're not bad scientists it's more that the structure that they have has
no competitors and no accountability when they're wrong their budgets get bigger you will notice the
cdc and the fda got more money by screwing up they didn't get less all right that doesn't happen in
the free market you you screw up you lose customers and they go to your competitors right um so so
so you see screws up they get more money they relinquish this the rest of the world starts
starts doing the test they run into the fda's eway once they get past the eway only kleilabs
can run it kleilabs have to have mds on staff that sign off and every report this is all to do pcr okay
pcr is was invented like an e6 by carried mollis this technology is like 40 years old and it's like
making chocolate milk i mean it's like making chocolate milk
i'm still confused because i'm pretty sure about 20 minutes ago he told me that viruses are hard
to sequence because there's so many variants of them and they don't have any conserved sequences
and so it's hard to pull them out of metagenomic samples but now pcr is like making chocolate milk
yes pcr is like making chocolate milk and it can be very very accurate if done correctly like
may all your primers be nested which they weren't may you use multiple amplicons
and also several positive and negative controls which they didn't
pcr is like making chocolate milk for everybody in academia and everybody in academia that
knows how to use pcr should pull their head out of their ass and inspect what we did for pcr testing
in america and over 200 eway approved diagnostics where we didn't use positive controls didn't use
negative controls only used one amplicon and nobody used nested primers you don't think captain
genome here knows about nested primers is he going to explain the difference between a pcr
chocolate milk with nested primers or not come on guys
this bonfire is going to go on for hours it seems really really simple this is stuff that
in the field we have devices that can detect cannabis like genetics in the field that growers
can use their color metric tests that run off a usb driven pcr device that just change color
if the amplicons there so we can and so the amplicon for sex
that's in every cell of the plant that's identical in every cell of the plant that is
conserved across all the plants of that species is easy to detect because he told us
20 minutes ago that genomic DNA is easy to detect
in the same phrasing that he said RNA viruses are hard to detect
but now he's making the magnificent leap to tell you that pcr using to detect a virus
is as easy as chocolate milk
but i'd love to hear the explanation for this incongruency from the man himself
because this is just plain sad they really think that we were so stupid we weren't going to go back
and see that these medlers were just medley he's just singing a song that he learned from france's
columns he's just singing a song that harmonizes with with peter desac
but go on kevin tell us more about your your white horse determine the sex of a cannabis plant
in a cannabis grow all right we don't need you know you can do this at home but they don't they're
getting in the way if you're doing this at home the ultimate way to decentralize this testing is
to do it at home you don't want to have everyone run to a hospital to get tested because then they
get infected the hospitals are the super spreaders right so centralizing the testing in hospitals is
is like idiocy and it's what's happening because of regulation this should be done at home so you
get a test at home and you figure out okay i'm sick i'm not going to go anywhere i got my answer
maybe i'll double check it with a doctor who has a slightly better test but you could screen 90
percent of the problems if you had home testing but the home testing is is virtually illegal right
now although i know a lot of people that are just doing it because they're so angry at the fda i bet
it's buck halter he's testing himself at home and they they don't believe it's the right of the fda
to get in the way of them reading their own genome and it isn't we paid three billion dollars to
have the human genome project done and after it we now have layers and layers of regulation for
any person to go and read the hospitals are super spreader events i think because they gave them
supplementary oxygen the moment they came in the door because p-air cori spread that rumor
and so did the cdc what do you think about them apples super spreader events my ass
i tell you what was super spreading was really bad ideas like a great big virus
that's crime it's double taxation in many ways and there's no there's no double taxation because
the human genome project was meant to let you read your own genome and now they're
the fda's in the way that's double taxation this guy is the most hilarious pseudo libertarian ever
real logic to it other than fear that fda's here to keep you safe you make sure all those tests are
accurate and they're right and they don't do shit to make sure it's accurate or right they just
process your paperwork and that's it they don't do any but then why are they how are they holding
you back if they don't do any testing they just process your paperwork then how is the fda getting
in the way i think this guy has actually smoked a lot of weed before this i mean come on this is
crazy talk how can you possibly be i mean this should have blown people's brains apart listening
to this nonsense it's so contradictory did i get to the bottom of this fda again someone
or caliber no we got to wait for that sorry i get we didn't get there yet reproduction of your work
they don't run the test on site they just paper you with shit so you seem really pissed off right
and um what do you do most of the time because i don't think you're a guy that's just sitting down
in his basement you know rattling away his anger at the at the keyboard what are you doing when
you're this is so interesting to me that somebody of your caliber thinks in this way because this is
you are defying orthodoxy here well that that when i got involved in building the sequencers
first place we want to deploy them are people with cancer so you can see who is a tumor that's
uniquely drugable based in this mutation profile right and when we got involved in that we realized
oh we can't really do it because the fda they want to get involved in all this and they want to slow
it down there's people with terminal illness and you're saying you can't read their their tumor
genome to probably select a better drug that kind of ticked me off so i started looking at drugs
that are outside of their purview and that's where cannabis came into my life as i said all right
here are compounds that are showing a lot of promise in cannabis and right now the fda can't touch the
damn thing and i think there's enough voter support that will kick them out of those compounds for
the rest of their existence uh-huh uh-huh i see so he thinks that because the cannabis plant is a
natural thing um that he can he can get there because fda can't touch it that's interesting
cool wow it's slated and purified and in the process they'll break them they
they said are outside of their purview and that's where cannabis came into my life as i said all
right here are compounds that are showing a lot of promise in cannabis and right now the fda can't
touch the damn thing and i think there's enough voter support that will kick them out of those
compounds for the rest of their existence they're going to try and regulate a couple of the ones
that are isolated and purified and in the process they'll break them they they ever already done
this they they put one cannabinoid through um many years ago for the glaucoma no one uses it they
because they broke it and then they put another set of cannabinoids through for epilepsy um this
is a very interesting study out of gw there's some of the best genetics and and best cannabinoid
scientists in the world and they broke their drug too their drug is how does this government
break a drug well they they make you isolate it so that's a single compound right and and that's not
how that's not how plant medicine works plants make a make a portfolio of compounds fda doesn't like
that they want one uh but you know cannabis makes cbd thc cbg it's uh no i would note that it's
interesting that today Brett Weinstein tweeted about plant medicines and did a little segment on
his live show whatever that thing is called where he babbles for two hours he also talked about plant
medicines and why plants have so many medicines because of the challenges in a rainforest or some
some you know evolutionarily insightful way of explaining it i guess um i i find it very
interesting because i do think that one of the things that mark and i have been keying on for a
while is this idea that cannabis could be used as personalized medicine or part of a hey pharmacopea
that would be you know personalized based on the genetics of the plant and you're just gonna you're
gonna hear him talk about that for the next 10 minutes here whole portfolio of cannabinoids
and it's when you deliver a full entourage of these things that you actually see the most potent
effects on patients so they made them isolate cbd out of all of that repertoire and then they
told them to add a strawberry flavoring which was a pesticide and then they made them put in
sucralose which was a sweetener which sucralose you don't play with artificial sweeteners with
epilepsy a lot of the epilepsies out there are glucose transporter based epilepsy right they're
not getting enough sugar into the central nervous system and so they end up getting seizures and
so when you start putting in artificial sweeteners and these things you mess with hope you can see
my notes i'm saying that he's arguing pretty well right now for the the you know use of plant
extracts and the studies of them and i'm arguing that maybe this is his permitted truth
so he just spent a half an hour laying out the state narrative on gain of function research
and it's not likely to be a lab but it could be i mean if it's spreading faster than we thought
he put all the ifs and the what's in the buts and the and the hows there about how antibodies work
and how antibodies indicate and how maybe they thought it was worst case scenario but it's not
and so now they're they're breaking the economy for nothing and blah blah blah that whole shit
that we've been arguing about for four years was very succinctly laid and repeated by him in the
first half hour and now he's going to pivot briefly to something that's mostly truthful
and this is how the enchantment works that whole metabolism so yeah but their drug works it got
through FDA trial but a lot of patients report that if they take a plant extract they get much
better results we don't know why because the plant extracts aren't characterized as well but
they're cheaper they're 30 times cheaper than getting something that's come through the FDA
so they have a tendency to be reductionists and try to narrow things down to a single compound
in a single target and real bio chemistry doesn't work that way it's usually a portfolio of compounds
against dozens of receptors except for when it's a virus then you can make a single antibody
against a single epitope and it's fine right Kevin and that's where you tend to get really
really dramatic effects with cheap plant-based medicine so I got interested in cannabis because
I saw it as a way a run-around on the FDA because there's enough voter support to keep a portion of
that pipeline so not as you're going to run around the FDA but he's also going to sort of
corner the market on genomic sequencing of the pathogens of cannabis it's pretty impressive
nutraceutical and access to the people and perhaps more you know it'll be generally recognized as
safe I think in the next 10 years and I think nothing speaks louder to this than this actual
shutdown I wonder if Alex Berenson would agree with it generally being sick four years ago cannabis
was federally illegal now it is an essential business they cannot turn this off because if
they do the hospitals be overwhelmed and they know this this is why they did not kill dispensaries
in most of the states the dispensaries are all open the hospitals will be overrun because
because cannabis works as an actual if the weed runs out medicare and medicaid will flood the
hospitals he's actually saying it will medicine oh yeah there's papers in jama in other or in other
peer-reviewed journals showing that the states that adopt cannabis regulations and have medical
cannabis access have reduced medicare spend by like 24 percent bingo there's there's a lot of
patients you bingo bingo buzzing this and that's a huge relief valve for for the hospital system
if you were to shut that down you would see a lion's share of like cancer patients probably
there's some success in Alzheimer's that is some bold shit talk right here and it would really
really represent a huge turnaround right I mean somehow I have a feeling this is
incredibly incredibly disingenuous there's epilepsy patients there is a lot of success in
chronic pain in the opiate crisis all of those patients would be shut off and have to go into
the hospitals to get different meds my fourth inner did he just say something about the opioid crisis
does he actually know that that exists wait I thought I heard him say that oh for for the hospital
system if you were to shut that down you would see a lion's share of like cancer patients probably
there's some success in Alzheimer's there's epilepsy patients there is a lot of success in
chronic pain in the opiate crisis all of those patients would be shut off and have to go into
the hospitals to get different meds my fourth interview the fourth interview I did or maybe fifth of
this podcast when I switched it to coronavirus was with a guy that was a manager at a dispensary
and I know him he's at my jujitsu gym so I just thought it was kind of funny
did he just say my jujitsu gym it's starting to make me puke as much as I think wrestling is cool
anybody that does jujitsu now is just like come on kitty are you kidding me
like okay that's great but you know there are lots of martial arts to choose did you really
choose jujitsu like I'm sorry am I being a dork yeah when he would talk to me about like
patients or getting them their medicine like I thought that was tongue in cheek because I used
to live in Mendocino California where the medicine was like I just want to be stoned out of my mind
all day and so when people I have not actually taken it as a legitimate medicine until you're
talking about it just right now oh yeah it is hands down probably one of the most legitimate
medicines out there and you won't hear that from the media who likes to echo chamber the
pharmacist so again this says in the notes you probably can't read it because this is a weird
way of writing wcs but the worst case scenario story of a lab leak has already been carefully
seeded in the first 40 minutes of this so now we're talking about stuff that so far seems
good but something very big is coming up in a second typical narrative right a lot of the
advertisement revenue into a conventional media right now is like boner medicine and and you know
the seales and all the stuff you see on the nfl right they have a larger revenue stream coming
from pharma they they heavily have a heavy hand in crafting all of the news cycles that come out
about drugs and how they should be reviewed and how we need all these double blind disabled control
trials and and they beat that drum of regulation regulation regulation uh cannabis this isn't
the first time was a medicine i mean this used to be the second most prescribed drug back in 1937
before they made it illegal all right it's been in the pharma capia for here comes his permitted
truth this is going to be something that he's allowed to say because that means that oh my gosh
what he said about the pandemic must be true so pay attention because what he says here is real
but it's only allowed to be said because they know that we're about to circle back to
uh public health for many years many more years than it has been illegal
only recently the last 80 years have been playing this experiment of ripping out phyto cannabinoids
that target the most prevalent GPCRs in our body they were banned for 80 years all right um
it's a good argument out there that a lot of the chronic diseases we're seeing now are
diseases that are in imbalance in the end of cannabinoid system because we've removed it from
our diet for 80 years chronic diseases are a result of removing cannabinoids from our diet for 80
years ladies and gentlemen hear it and hear it well chronic diseases don't come from the vaccine
schedule they come from the fact that we cut hemp out of our diet 80 years ago ladies and gentlemen
hear it because this is a liar working against the possible enlightenment that would occur if
everybody realized that vaccines are a lie and that the entire western civilization as we know
it is based on the idea that public health is real and so there's gonna be a there it's gonna be
very very difficult to thread the needle where we make gentle the light of this world as we break
this mythology that these people and their fathers before them have been enslaving us under
but make no mistake about it there is a way to thread that needle so that as we shed this mythology
we will make gentle the life of this world the life of this world we will make gentle the life
of our free children but it will be by identifying these liars for who they are and demoralizing them
to the point where they are no longer able to perform the job that they perform because nobody
believes them because their appearance already undermines the message and it should any time
these people appear on camera it should be something that immediately gets gets ratioed we're not
there yet but i believe we can get there in a few short weeks but it used to be ubiquitous
and it's the most common receptor in the human body is the camera target for for many years many
more years than it has been illegal only recently the last 80 years have been playing this experiment
of ripping out phytocannabinoids that target the most prevalent GPCRs in our body they were banned
for 80 years all right um so good argument out there that a lot of the chronic diseases we're
seeing now are diseases that are in imbalance in the end of cannabinoid systems so it has nothing
to do with pesticides nothing to do with toxins nothing to do with chemicals nothing to do with
pollution nothing to do with vaccines nothing to do with pharmaceuticals it's only got to do with
the fact that we stopped eating hemp because we've removed it from our diet for 80 years but it used
to be ubiquitous and it's the most common receptor in the human body is the cannabinoid one receptor
so you can't just shut that thing off and not expect there to be dire consequences
um so yeah if you go through the medication you're proposing that we the human beings used to all
use a lot more weed i don't understand oh hemp so hemp was in our diet and hemp has has residual
amounts of CBD and other another cannabinoids you are freaking kidding me i have thought people
that were supporting hemp were the biggest like it's an illusion of consensus right you're supposed
to feel the same mind blowing effect that this guy is supposed to be experiencing
you're not supposed to be asking the question of like wait what
so there's no toxins there's no pesticides there's no poisons the processed food is fine
wahoo's ever no one has legitimately ever told me no no no hemp is hemp is one of the best food sources
yeah it's amino acid profile if you look at it's omega-3s omega-6s this is a fantastic food source
like as i as i try to be vegetarian once in a while i try to get as much happening as i can
because the only way i can get a complete amino acid profile so it's a great food source and it was
ubiquitous in our in our in our food source in the past and it was also the most that was commonly
second most commonly prescribed drug back then um there there's uh i can point you to a bunch of
this literature uh in the past but as shaughnessy as a person to look up he was one of the first
physicians that pulled this out of india into uh into the uk in into ireland and that's where a
lot of the westernized version of this cannabinoid medicine started and it was a long time ago like
1800s but yeah so this was a case of regulatory capture in in 1937 um uh who was it herst i think
was involved in this and uh herst had an interest in nylon and hemp fiber was going to knock out
nylon so we found a way to ban it under banning marijuana as a xenophobe
xenophobic slur against certain parts honestly mark i don't know if he's just lying it's it's
extraordinary i don't know it's the population i think african-americans and mexicans are using
a lot of marijuana back then i got it showed up at that actual um congressional we're going to
use my dictionary for the first time okay uh we should look it up on your seeds so i went crazy
the other day and uh my friend regular guy says i should not use these books without gloves
that's how badass he thinks they are so i got this this four book set off of ebay last week
i just decided to spend more money than i have um and what i got was a four volume set of the
fosters encyclopedic medical dictionary from 1892 and i swear to you i'm just doing this live i
did not realize i didn't think of doing this until right now so let's look in the medical
dictionary under cannabis and see what we find just curious i don't know what it'll be it might
not be anything it might just say the most prescribed drug in america i don't know
it's i'm not very good with with um i'm not very good with guide words i was terrible at it and
and it really isn't that weird cannabis there are guide words i'm still having trouble here
cannabis has two ends right there it is oh wow it's a long whoa it's very long
okay i'll show you what it looks like i don't know if this camera will show it or not
look at this badass book i'm going to show you another page in this badass book too
so cannabis cannabis cannabis is down here i got to be careful i'm sure that regular
guy's already pissed because i don't have gloves on um maybe i have to raise the camera a little
bit so genus of annual you're you you ticacious herb of the tribe distinguished by the opposite
our alternative vegetative leaves and axillary deciduous flowers the calyx male flowers being
simo's panicles and consisting of blah blah blah blah indica indica so what does it say it's
medicine is this gonna say medicine yet don't see it saying medicine yet oh careful oh shit
sorry i just ripped a page god dang it so jeff was right i don't even know if this book has been
opened i can't believe i just ripped a page it makes me sad um shit super annoying so i guess
regular guy was right um i should be be more careful with this book uh common herb
become naturalized to grow spontaneously fruiting tops impure resin scraped by the top of the plant
herbs of the indian plant particular hebrity odor european american varieties contain less
resinous content uh herb of indian amp is extensively used in the east as intoxicant
plant is medicineally as an anti-spasmodic uh anti-puritic which i don't know what that means
because i'm not a doctor animal jesic is is uh pain relief um so it does say that it's used
it doesn't say that it's the most prescribed drug in america or something like that but
hemp oils um
i mean okay it could be it doesn't disagree with him there um i just want to show you what this is
check this out so it's even got color plates in the book um various forms of epithelium which is
of course the the immune system um and it is from
um from 1892 now it's really badass because we're going to use these books more often because
they have an entry on smallpox which does not contain the words death deadly or dying or or
anything they have an entry on vaccines which is exclusively about variation um and there are
countless other things inside of these four tombs that we are going to go through over the next um
i guess years because it is just an unbelievable um set of books so i have four of these things
and they're they're massive um and i just ripped the first page today alive and i'm probably gonna
i'm probably going to be upset about it for the rest of the day i know it doesn't look like i'm
upset but i have a real problem with with things that are perfect and these books were perfect when
i got them i don't think anybody ever opened them and now that i've ripped a page underneath my
god dang camera i'm a little upset but it's okay because some reason or another i was lucky
enough to get that book set and i just every time i open it i'm laughing and every time i open it
there's little pieces of leather that are falling off the sides of it and so i don't know what to do
i got to figure out how to take care of that thing um uh but uh yeah it's it's really exciting so
what were we doing here what we oh that was cannabis and medicine okay um i'm not going to use any
repairing on that that was a really small tear and i may never open that page again just to be
sure i don't tear it again i don't know man i'm still hurting from so hearing to point out that
it was the second most prescribed drug in the pharmacopoeia and he was ignored uh so they banned
it by banning marijuana when all the physicians knew it as cannabis but they didn't recognize their
drug was getting banned in the process because they used the slang word in the legislation um
that's how it all went down 80 years later yes i agree mark he is suggesting that it was a staple
in the diet it wasn't used as medicine the reason why we have chronic diseases because we stopped
eating and i totally agree with that that's separate from its its use as a ubiquitous medicine
we're still trying to fight to get this reversed um and when people say let's get more regulation
evolve and like get the FDA involved all we see is that repeating itself on nonsteroids i'm not
sure i'm not high right now i i my life is being smashed against the rocks
his mind is his mind is being smashed against the rocks and what he's really means of course is
the totality of the information that he's heard especially the beginning the narrative of a natural
virus most likely here is is really to encourage people look into these medicines because they
you don't find compounds that have safety profiles like this in the pharmaceutical engines okay these
things are what attracted me to them in cancer is that i love the fact that we could sequence
tumors and stratify people's tumors for more probable drugs but the drugs that we had to select
from were like cisplatin these are toxins right they most of the cancer drugs are
threading this needle between killing the patient and killing the tumor they don't have very good
therapeutic indexes the ratio of the effective dose the lethal dose is really narrow in these
things in cannabis that number is like a thousand you need a thousand times the amount of the drug
to kill you versus the effective dose so you you can miss and not harm anybody that that's the
Hippocratic oh first do no harm and if that's your mission aim for drugs that have low toxicity
phytocannabinoids very low toxicity huge library from the plant and they all do different things
and uh and that can have an enormous impact on personalized medicine uh and you can grow them
out of the ground without insanity of pharmaceutical regulatory capture that's driving
really bizarre medical pricing in our in our health care system
this is uh unbelievable do you uh do you see downsides to cannabis use i mean do you
it seems like if people were smoking weed all day they'd be little the downsides can be a
hyper connectivity where you think everything's connected and you have a hard time juggling
complex problems and so then you start to think somebody like kevin mccaren might be a bad guy
but lazy and kind of forgetful um so that depends on the person and depends on the cannabinoids
um i you know if you're into personalized medicine there's no such thing as one size fits all
right so there are cases of cannabinoid hyper who's and he is into personalized medicine don't get
don't don't misunderstand it just in one okay so this is a very rare condition that some people
get sensitized um they believe it might be related to trip receptor genetics but that's
something that's not been proven yeah that's just a hunch uh these people get into a vomiting cycle
and uh it's almost like an allergy and they can't have any cannabis anymore after that point
i think that happened to Brett Weinstein actually i think i heard him say that once on his podcast
which is funny um they need hot showers i mean to fix it it's very rare um there are there's
i wonder if that's an indication that he already knows Brett Weinstein and i'm not even joking
continuous connection to schizophrenia i'm not really convinced by any of that data there's a
lot of schizophrenics that use it and it's kind of a chicken and egg thing like are they using it to
to deal with the symptoms or are they causing the symptoms no one's really sorted that out
all we know is that cannabis uses skyrocketed in schizophrenia has not so um it's unlikely to be
a cause and effect there from a another one of those things right where where this is maybe a
partial truth he's allowed to say and he's opposing Alex Berenson of course so it's an interesting
setup already in April 24th 2020 because Alex Berenson's about to be censored right
the usage standpoint um in terms of couch like i can tell you i can tell you that uh so i when
i lived in northern california i took up smoke and weed i had never really smoked it before
and it was like all the sudden ubiquitous and uh i had to quit because um i heard i heard voices
and uh and and it was it was really weird for me and i was like hey this is not good i'm having
conversations with myself i have since tried it as an adult you know 10 years later and i don't
have any of that but it was like one of those things that i was like whoa this is actually
uh interacting with my brain in a in a real way it is yeah so um THC has a tendency to be more um
to to have those symptoms okay so probably one in nine people will get anxiety or have some type
of uh psychotic event like that with high doses of THC one in nine high doses of THC is actually
a genetic bottleneck that occurred because of regulation we we put in a prohibition on this
and much like prohibition with alcohol alcohol people stop brewing beer and start making whiskey
because it's all regulated based on the weight so if you get caught with a pound of weed you get
x amount of jail time so people want to make sure that weed is 20 percent THC not five
so they've bred all of the cannabis out there to be type one cannabis which is a cannabis plant
that makes only THC doesn't make any CBD this is a lie and i'm really upset about it and i'm
it's a lie in my gut i don't know if it's a lie because i don't have the scientific data but i
would be willing to bet quite a lot of money um that it's a lie i don't think there is a
a natural growing pot plant on earth that doesn't produce all of the cannabinoids in the spectrum
at to a certain extent and there's certainly no weed there is no weed in the world that does
not produce CBD's alongside the THC there's not just one THC as far as i understand it that's not
how biochemistry works kevin mccernan so he is telling you a story that suddenly became
dumb simple oh there's some plants that are called schedule type one plants that fit the
fit the the class one regulation of a of a of a DEA drug and then there's type two plants that
have more CBD in them and we don't have to treat those like heroin but we should definitely treat
the type one plants like heroin this is gotta be bullshit i wish that there's a dude that that
follows us that's actually working on cannabis genome so if there there is somebody
that occasionally is in the chat that could tell me for sure that i'm not crazy but this statement
that regulation led led to the breeding of type one plants that are only THC is stop lying
it's got to be a lie this is just bullshit it's absolute bullshit or to have those symptoms okay
so probably one in nine people will get anxiety or have some type of psychotic event like that
with with high doses of THC high doses of THC is actually a genetic bottleneck that
occurred because of regulation we put in a prohibition on this and much like prohibition
with alcohol alcohol people stop brewing beer and start making whiskey so when we got alcohol
pro prohibited then they started making moonshine and so when we prohibited weed
they started making really high THC weed that's just bullshit when i was in high school there was
still weed coming from mexico over the border that was absolute dog shit what is he talking about
this is a narrative which supports the idea of commercialized cannabis as progress in
personalized medicine make no mistake about it he's off his his his safe permitted truth now and
he's right back to the to the state sponsored limited spectrum of debate that's not biology
because it's all regulated based on the weight so if you get caught with a pound of weed you get
x amount of jail time so people want to make sure that weed is 20 percent THC not five
so they've bred all of the cannabis out there to be type one cannabis which is a cannabis plant
that makes only THC doesn't make any CBD if you look out you know throughout the globe
cannabis naturally is going to be a heterozygous state it's going to make both CBD and THC we just
went through this regulatory bottleneck where we bred everything in the THC direction and that
came at the cost of it not making any CBD but natural cannabis has both CBD is known to have
kind of a yin and yang effect with THC it's an anzeolytic it alleviates the anxiety that you
might get from THC the combination of the of the two is proven to be far more effective in a lot
of therapies the CBD helps mitigate the negative effect like you experienced but the CBD also has
different pharmacological kinetics and different receptors so you really want plants that are
diverse like this and one problem we've had in the cannabis industry this is what we do at
medicinal genomics is we sequence people's cannabis plants figure out all the cannabinoid
genes they have and help them breed for particular pharmaceutical rebel to ours so how the hell did
they breed pure THC plants before they had the genomic information that this genius can provide
stop lying okay and to do that correctly you've got to really you got to understand which genes
are driving all this and how those things work pharmacologically but what you ideally want are
plants that make a whole portfolio of these cannabinoids so that you don't end up with these
adverse events well I mean it's I'm glad you told me that I'm glad I brought it up because
the guy that gave me that weed was an old sailor named Fred that had been growing weed to be the
strongest thing it could possibly be it never crossed my mind that perhaps the
weed I was using was pretty supercharged yeah that's not a common and that's actually that's
an artifact of prohibition you know I think when as prohibition is is relaxing right now
you're seeing an increased demand for the more balanced cannabis what we call type two plants
plants that make both CBD and THC that those plants actually sell for a little bit more than
what you get from just a real heater THC strain heater strain
the the CBD strains are starting to get some popularity as well that they make only CBD and
very little THC those can legally be grown outdoors and so their price is decaying faster than all
of them because once you can grow the stuff outdoors the the price plummets the indoor growing
is what really is what really drives the price up because you got to have lights electricity and
security cameras and you basically have to build a prison to grow the stuff that was right
I visited one and it is like a prison yeah so I wanted to change subjects I saw
an interesting tweet that you had which was something to the effect of the precautionary
principle should be known as the starvation doctrine I thought that this was particularly
interesting because I have for a long time studied and felt like the precautionary principle as
described by people like Naseem Talib have been holding us back in an extraordinary way that is
in and of itself dangerous and so I was wondering what you meant by that and maybe you know what
why are you writing about that right now so I I had some exchanges with him on twitter because he
was really adamant about following this precautionary principle once the China thing came out and
China quickly quarantined like the entire city of Wuhan which is larger than New York right
and next thing you know there's like 400 million people in China that are quarantined and I kind
of challenged among this being like you're worried about black swan events I get that I understand
this is an exponent I think you said that four times now black swan financial I deal with
exponentials all day with doing QPCR I get that the outcomes can be really dramatic if you don't
act early however I don't believe this is a black swan event because this to me looks like a flu
or maybe two or three x a flu that we get every single year so that doesn't necessarily call for
making extreme changes and secondly if you do this if you don't take Bostiad into mind here
which is the scene in the unseen often spoken about like he can see that this may spread all
over the globe what's unknown about is about any action you asked the federal government to take
is what is going to be on the other side of the balance sheet right are you doing a precautionary
principle in Donald Trump all right like if he suddenly decides to shut down the world economy
I saw an article yesterday from CNN I don't know how to validate CNN stuff anymore because I don't
believe seen and very often but there there had a headline that was like 180 million will starve
from the virus they didn't say from the shutdown they said from the virus but we all know it's
because of the shutdown right um they're already trying to pin the economic destruction on the
virus not on our reaction what a wonderful limited spectrum of debate isn't it and can you see it
now I think we could argue about this for four more years don't you to the virus and so I think
human reaction to panic is far more he's repeating himself abusive you're repeating
yourself this virus that the scene was trying to point out so we had lots of precautionary principle
act now act fast but he should apply that same principle to when you centralize power like this
in history you see 20 million dead you see eight million dead again he's hammering this this same
thing that Jordan Peterson said about you know what we we we're gonna get to totalitarianism
we're killing a lot of people with the bad response but maybe if the bad response is done
just right we can get rid of infectious disease forever and then totalitarianism with it there's
there's this is the litter throughout history of demicide of centralizing power when people give
up their liberties because they're afraid suddenly you get really dumb decisions happening and that's
a black swan event right there I think you created a black swan event pointing out something they
created a black swan event but it was by accident kind of because it was they assumed the worst
case scenario couldn't be that they created a black swan event because that's how they want
to govern your children for the rest of their lives it couldn't be that they created a black
swan event and got people like him to lie about it so that they could enslave your grandchildren
it couldn't be that no way Kevin McCurnan's definitely on our team from his his million
dollar mansion on the shore of the Atlantic Ocean screw you you traitor i think that was his average
slow with china's reaction you have to say they are reacting based on a different set of criteria
than american politicians i mean they are still in the same criteria of we want to remain in power
just like the politicians do here but they're the options that sit at their at their hands
you know they really can turn on or off aggression the on or off of authoritarianism
and there is a very good chance that they would not have necessarily predicted that this would
have the reaction in the united states that it's having and the significant thing that i am watching
is meat production in the u.s and the amount of pig plants in particular that are being taken
offline and you know we're talking about you know 65 000 pigs in one factory and oh my god that's
the best t-shirt i've ever not thought of myself freedom is measured in ohms is the winner
of the chat holy shit that is amaze balls seven eight nine factories shutting down cattle factory
shutting down if a third of those um if that production was going to china and that's now shut
down there's no way they were predicting that this was going to happen it could be that their reaction
whatever it was um shockwaves into the system that are going to imperil oh my gosh i'm almost
in tears i think it's such a beautiful thing to say that freedom is measured in ohms because
it's resistance it's it's awesome i mean i can't believe i didn't come up with it myself and in the
same sense i i feel like you now have to have some kind of you're gonna have to have a cut in that
it's so good wow i might even change my from from your consciousness's prime real estate to
freedom is measured in ohms on my website well done wow these things are very very hard to predict
and that's that's precisely why i i think that these precautionary principles you you need to be
careful when you apply them uh that you're looking at the scene in the unseen the repercussions of
action can sometimes be more deadly than than what you just sometimes you have to just let it
happen sometimes no action is is the better move then you must act now because everyone's looking
for you to act um and and i think we're seeing that in some other countries i know sweden is
a lot of people critiquing what's going on in sweden i'm kind of i don't think that story is
played fully out yet but i think we need to watch it but you know sweden had no lockdown and yeah
there's some more deaths there but in the end they will probably still have an economy they won't have
suicides they won't have spousal abuse they won't have all of these others
repercussions um and it's it's a little bit frightening because uh we took a model from
neil ferguson a model that never went through peer review the code stills in public uh and
implemented this saying two million people might die uh that's not peer review you know that this
came out of imperial college of london which has funding directly from the gates foundation
uh and now people are criticizing all the papers that are coming out and bio archive is being
that's not peer reviewed uh you know like whether you talk about dd or realts work out in france i
mean he's he's guys trying to treat thousands of patients is putting papers out as quickly with
hydroxychloroquine that got censored in the united states that peter navarro tried to stock pile
blah blah blah here it comes this is the big run around again here we go into the early treatment
suppression of early treatment story bingo because he can and people are critiquing his p values
and stuff in the paper while he's got patients dying on him and he's rapidly publishing but yet
they're not applying that same scrutiny to the model makers i'm gonna say this i had a guy named
yosha bakon very early in the podcast who actually hit he had models that before the imperial college
models came out and there seemed to be quite in line with their predictions on what would happen
so it wasn't i and i only bring that up because i didn't have any scope of whether or not this
was serious or not and uh so no mention of kunut with koski which at this time from rockefeller
university in new york city was speaking out against the shutdown and speaking out against
the idea that even if there is a risk additive novel spreading pathogen the kids are the ones
that are going to save us they're not vulnerable to this and there's that argument actually
interestingly enough the argument of it being a an old person's virus hasn't even really been
made here they're not there yet you see where we are in the timeline it's pretty amazing i don't
know like that was two places that said the same thing and yes bio archive is facebook it is the
the chan zuckerberg initiative which is all about all about the transhuman movement yeah
yeah that's it's good to see there's at least some some um concordance like that that's
always good to see because then you know you know the conspiratorial tone gets no neutralized
not this knife that are coming up the same answer but i think it's been pretty clear
as we look at the data today those models were way off and they were never adequately pure
this knife was never put public and that instilled a mass lockdown that's the knife you want on
multiple different jurisdictions see what that says none of those fears came to play and they're
off by a large so knives are out and it's not because of social distancing some of their models the
knives are definitely out social distancing and they were still in order of magnitude off
and they keep revising them down and i think most of the the modeling is there's a couple reasons
for being off but one of them is that they assumed the population that we were going to hit
had never seen this before there's just no genetic evidence that that would be true
we have a virus where we've collected thousands of mutations as it spread throughout the population
you have to assume there's other ones of those that exist beyond Wuhan in back into time
that were also slightly mutated before the before we detected the one in Wuhan
and those ones have probably been circulating we don't know exactly when the zoonotic have been
happened but these are cold viruses we've been we've been exchanging these things for for
these are cold viruses so he seems to be he seemed now we're off my notes so now he seems to be
really claiming that these are just background cruel viruses
this pen is actually going to piss me off so much that i'm going to have to stop with it these are
these are pens that i got on amazon because i thought i would try a a fountain pen off of
amazon and they look really nice they're made of nice materials but their nib writes like absolute
dog doo doo um black background uh background cold viruses see i haven't been using this pen
in in about two weeks and it starts writing black dark green in one stroke um so these are
background coronaviruses it's a background signal i'm just going to go back a little bit so i can
hear for sure what he said population that we were going to hit had never seen this before there's
just no genetic evidence that that would be true uh we have a virus where we've collected thousands
of mutations as it spread throughout the population you have to assume there's other ones of those that
exist beyond Wuhan in back into time that were also slightly mutated before the before we detected
the one in Wuhan and those ones have probably been circulating we don't know exactly now keep in
mind Alina Chan does not did not find thousands of mutations and if anybody's going to call me out
on this um what what happens here is that i'm writing and taking notes in real time and so my
writing gets better um but when i start to try and start for the first time the first page always
looks like crap so i apologize if you can't read my writing um i'm i'm writing and talking i'm not
as good at it because it would not have been happened but these are cold viruses we've been
we've been exchanging these things for forever in human history so to believe that this thing came
out in the index case and the phylogenetic tree needs to be rooted in December is is just
insane from my perspective there there is there's there's likely convergent evolution going on
there's likely other things that are going to throw off that is being the first case we ever
detected and if that's true then the population has seen this before the models are all wrong um
and and we should not be taken so we've seen it before the models are all wrong but the existence
of a novel spreading pathogen a risk additive spreading pathogen is not being questioned
usefully here make clear about that they're not actually usefully questioning whether a pandemic
is occurring he's saying there is but they're just not being precise about it or they expected
the signal to be more about more robust or they thought more people would die but here we are
taking people's liberties on someone's theory that's insane right if you're going to rip out
everyone's constitutional rights shut down the economy which by the way i think hyper
um stimulating the economy is the right answer not choking it and if you're going to do the opposite
of what you should do hyper stimulating the economy you mean like warp speed
which is stimulate the economy in this case and take everyone's constitutional rights
you know you need to have more than a theory and so when we come out of this that's the first
thing i think we need to focus on as a civilization is never let this happen again because
one person came up with models that no one could review and that politicians took it and ran with
it but isn't the opposite danger isn't the opposite danger that it's like a hurricane
that didn't come and then people are like next time i'm not evacuating and then a hurricane comes in
you and yeah but being the drum on second wave and no one's going to listen i'm not going to listen
they start saying second wave i'll look at the data but i'd be really surprised if the second
wave takes off at the rate the antibodies are building up so there there is a danger that if
you cry wolf too many times the populace is just going to say scream you i'm not taking another
three months off are you stay at home right now oh no i we have a lab so i still go to the lab every
day except for you know friday sometimes i do stuff like this but uh we're working quantitative
PCR tests we're actually right now looking at detecting covid on uh on different samples we
actually have some concerns that it could actually get into the cannabis supply chain as an inhaled
product that's a risk for us so
you
you heard him say it right he started to try and detect covid because it could become a contaminant
in the supply chain who knows about contaminated supply chains anybody even by the name of Andrew
huff ever work on contaminated supply chains what in the hell is going on here is it possible
that these people are all randomly pulling the same stuff out of their
we're trying to figure out if we can detect this on the cannabis supply chain
couple reasons for that i think why would it be on the cannabis supply chain what is he talking
about if you look at the discovery of coronavirus it's almost all of it comes out of bacuano and
bacuano is used as an agricultural fertilizer and a lot bat guano
nice that is fantastic i never thought i'd write the words bat guano today that's
the basis so that's a risk yeah you know you don't want to be feeding your plants that you're about
to inhale bacuano that should end but the other thing that's coming up is that there are patients
or people that are working in a lot of wow here today guano tomorrow yeah seriously like if you
if you put the contaminated bat guano onto your you could actually get SARS-CoV-2 or even a worse
virus from feeding your cannabis contaminated bat guano holy shh literally holy shit these
grows that are coming down with covid and they're handling and trimming the plants are they this
is ending up on flower we don't know probably not but we should certainly have a screen in place
the third issue is that the comorbidities in covid or have some overlap with with cannabinoid
users COPD a lot of people are using cannabis oils for COPD they're not smoking flour so maybe
not a big risk there a lot of diabetes patients there's a lot of smoking flour is now a risk double
blind placebo control trial and THCV which is a different cannabinoid that seems to be working
for diabetes cancer a lot of patients are using this in cancer so if we have a lot of patients that
are using cannabinoid ways and they're the same class as the comorbidities in covid
we have to make sure the cannabis supply chain has no covid in them oh my gosh
I mean this is crazy he is actually safe so earlier in the talk he said that if the cannabis
supply was stopped at the hospitals would be overflowed do not forget that right hospitals
will be overrun if they cut the cannabis supply off now he's telling us
that we have to be worried about the contamination of the the supply chain because bat guano is
used and if oh my goodness all of these people that are being successfully treated with cannabinoids
and being kept out of the hospitals by cannabinoids are actually infected with covid that's in the
supply chain we could have a black swan bat guano event
with cannabinoid users COPD a lot of people are using cannabis oils for COPD they're not smoking
flour so maybe not a big risk there a lot of diabetes patients there's a lot there's a double
blind placebo control trial and THCV which is a different cannabinoid that seems to be working
for diabetes cancer a lot of patients are using this in cancer so if we had a lot of patients
that well we can replace it with ivermectin now so what are we worried about good using
cannabinoid brains and they're the same class as the comorbidism in covid we have to make sure the
cannabis supply chain has no covid in them so we're building qpcr tests that can monitor that in
in the cannabis supply chain i don't know if they're going to get used it's just our understanding that
if this were to ever break out in the cannabis supply and we needed a product we'll be ready
chain our status of being essential business will evaporate overnight and we'll have a held
time getting it back up and so our our thinking is we got to be preemptive here build the assays
maybe they never get used but it's the right thing to do so we're spending some time in our lab
doing that it seems to me like that's the way that all companies should have to be which is to
think about what the contingencies are that could knock you down because if you don't plan
for them you get burned out of the market and nobody lets you come back in you know by bailing
you know it's why the airline industry like i i rely on the airline industry it is what my work
is basically done by but if we just bring them back because they were always there we missed
the chance that we've already had a brush fire let the forest fire burn all those things out of
there and see what grows next and it's not going to be as good at first and it's not going to be as
coordinated but let new things grow instead of propping up the old system and letting the
dinosaurs continue moving on yeah yeah i hope that's what happens but as what we're seeing is
they're probably going to inject you know government stimulus or or you know checks into these uh
you know Boeing or some of these rotting companies that haven't necessarily planned
accordingly so so Boeing is a rotting company already in 2020 he knows it already it's interesting
right for airlines they're going away he knows it already um we'll see you know that that's that's
one challenge we're having with all these trillions of dollars that are getting printed is they're
not going to get rained from helicopters they're going to get injected into a cantilian effect
into the economy where people close to government get access to the cash and that has a further
widening of the rich and the poor um you know we're seeing this with harvard having to give back i'm
sure he's really concerned about the widening gap between the rich and the poor money with
shake shot getting money all these ppp loans they're finding their way into in wage you said that we
have to hyper stimulate the economy now the ppp loan or ppp loans are lame wow what a weirdo
the hands of people that have uh that have good relationships with their banks bigger companies
are in the front of the line over the smart companies it's uh and and when it happens when
something gets rolled out this fast mistakes get made and then sacrificial lambs are brought up
to to take them out but you'll never you'll never make it just in right you know when you move
something this fast yeah yeah it's uh i don't know i i just i just sense that this is the time to
decentralize not to centralize you know we've got uh we've got to treat every jurisdiction
differently and enable those jurisdictions to open and close as they see fit as opposed to
having uh you know everyone close down at once i mean part of the problem when everyone closes
down at once like new york had an issue i get that they probably need to do what they need to do
but then the hospitals in kentucky are sitting there starving waiting for covid patients to
show up and not doing any electives and they're furloughing employees because so he doesn't see
that as no evidence of spread he sees that as you know the containment of the virus as they all
did one size fits all planning here they should have actually probably stayed open and dealt with
their cancer patients and their heart patients to get them healthy before covid showed up and
they could have figured out when covid showed up by by testing and and and reacting to their micro
environment it's just all nonsense he's trying to explain away the murder in hospitals he's trying
to explain away the protocols that led to murder on purpose that we're now lying about actively
already in april of 2020 to make sure that people don't realize that they're just murdering people
and lying about it and it's been his job to make sure that people who don't come to that conclusion
since the very very beginning if you can't see it i can't help you go find another stream to watch
appropriately as opposed to just following the quomo lead right the quomo lead i think that's
the answer to to this viral propagation is is you need to decentralize the way it is
as opposed to centralizing and having one guy with the bullhorn try and run the whole economy
that's gonna kill it that's what that's what that's what you get bread lines for
he's predicting bread lines he's predicting controlled demolition of america and he doesn't
have any if he can't i don't know why they're doing it yeah and you know you you'll know somebody is
you know somebody is smiling about it centralizing the problem when uh or the answer to the problem
is when they start standing up on the podium and saying it's your comorbidities that are going
to kill you so if you're fat you need to start exercising and eating right like you don't you
don't get to like sit this one out or get a super special pill when the politicians start saying
you everyone is going to get baptized and this one happens to be a very bad disease and so some
of the people that have comorbidities are going to get taken down by this take that seriously start
now should have started two weeks ago absolutely yeah and because running around the block for
two weeks we'll get somebody in shape enough so they can stand this novel virus boy as you know
you might not have the antibodies but you could build the fitness this is just in it's almost too
much i think there's a much more sort no it's not too much because you know i started there
i started by making this argument that they are seeding right now and so it's important to point
that out i i started by arguing that kids weren't in danger i started by arguing that
that university students are in danger the only people that are really in danger are old people
and they're exaggerating this and that's kind of what's happening here right
be very careful don't get sucked into the debate about whether the virus justifies it whether
the outcomes or the results justify what we did that is the most ridiculous line of reasoning
and the most ridiculous hamster wheel to get into in 2024 and murdered people and they lied about
death and they lied about murder in order to convince the globe to take transformation and
transfection as investigational vaccines and since he's been involved in transfection and
transformation since he dropped out of college i think it's very easy to conclude from this video
that he has been playing for their team since the very beginning in this national security
operation that was unleashed upon us and declared a pandemic a critical approach we could have
yours i'm not suggesting everyone go out to a fish concert tomorrow and swap you know swap
microbes i'm suggesting people who know they're sick they're the people most vested in their
outcome they're going to probably make the best decision for themselves and stay home
and those of us who are healthy will probably go to work and try and move the economy along so
that those people have a better shot yeah don't miss that air and don't miss that ridiculousness
that this is the guy on the on the left is a guy who uh who worked for Monsanto we better drugs for
them when when they do get sick but this concept of everybody's stay home doesn't make any sense
at all and this concept of the government deciding who's essential not essential
doesn't make a lot of sense i mean if are you familiar with um as Leonard Reed's work on
eye pencil oh yeah of course of course yeah yeah so economies are very complex if you try to take
eye pencil and decide who's essential in making the part parts of the pencil and who isn't it's
kind of hard to to to rip out the guy who makes a chainsaw from the guy who makes the graphite
from the eraser from the people who are feeding them right we know this because because we got
essential status here in Massachusetts because we we're involved in testing the safety of all
the cannabis and cannabis is an essential business uh but all of our vendors are
essential and we have a hundred vendors they have a hundred vendors right this is like in two hops
you're six degrees away from Kevin Bacon right uh just and when you look at supply chain inventory
you go out to all of your suppliers they're not all essential they have a hundred suppliers each
they're not all essential so suddenly the whole chain is broken because there's holes everywhere
and while we might be essential everyone feeding us isn't and we have to go on lobby for those people
to now become essential so we can continue our business this is all wasted energy uh if you let
the people decide all right i'm at risk i'm going to stay home um you're not at risk maybe you should
go go to work the people who are actually most vested in whether or not they're taking the
appropriate amount of risk are the individuals who know most about their surrounding circumstances
i've got grandma at home i probably shouldn't be doing this i've got three kids that need to go
to school so this is a stupid complicated argument right it's an absolutely stupid complicated
argument for these dumb people are lying to us and we should stop letting them lie to us
these people are lying to us about emergencies and then acting on that power and we should stop
letting them lie to us this is like a really stupid complicated explanation for what's going on
that doesn't actually get us to ask useful questions or state useful objections to it
but you do some different you know my significant other is a nurse and this changes our dynamics
based on our tight household we shouldn't be mixing young kids with grandparents and stay at
home orders okay young kids and grandparents mixed up is not a good idea we the stay home
stay at home orders should be for particular people so this is again um focused
lockdowns
and local lockdowns
so again he's not he's not he's not saying anything that the cdc wouldn't say yeah cool that's fine
you know shelter in place isn't good for immune system you got to get outside so that's really
bad to conflate with his concept of social distancing which is keep your distance from
people who maybe get outside you know there's a lot of these things that are very nuanced that
you're never going to get out of a regulator who pays no price for being wrong when they
write these regulations to sweep across the entire country um that's a disaster that's
that's where the virus is going to shine that's the real that's the real black swan
what are you confident that your ideas will uh will see the light of day or have you been
listening to what's going on with facebook and youtube describing that advice that goes against
the WHO or the government's perspective won't won't be allowed i'm waiting for i've got two
youtube videos on this on my site and i suspect they'll get pulled in a week or two so go if your
audience want to go see them they talk we talk about the genetics of the disease and why we
believe there are ancestors that are yet to be detected oh so he did two youtube videos about
the virus i wonder if they got censored so that people would take him seriously do you think they
did i wonder i don't care the fact that has on let's ask the apol bias and sequencing uh we've
also done some homework on a few of these movies that have come out suggested apol says most likely
enough evidence to call that car most likely you can't read it but it says most likely hypotheses
like that need extreme evidence and then we just don't have extreme evidence um on that front so
look at those before they get to be detected and the impact that has on uh on survivor bias
and sequencing uh we've also done some homework on a few of these movies that have come out
suggesting it's a bible and we've not seen enough evidence to to call that card and we do think
extreme um hypotheses like that need extreme evidence also an extreme hypothesis that it came
from a lab needs extreme evidence so roll the clip on the fear and cleavage sites and the age
aids inserts and holy cow there's mimicry you can all these different human proteins and oh my
goodness staphylcocken and teratoxin bee homologies you see it it's like he's putting the tea putting
the balls on the tee and then other people are going to come up with the driver and there they
go and there they go and all these other pieces of the of the narrative are going to be kicked off
by all these different stages of the lollipalooza of liars and it doesn't matter which one you choose
because they're all queued up intellectually limited spectrums of debate by already planted
pre-chosen narrative curators and then we just don't have extreme evidence um we don't have extreme
evidence yet but it's coming but the extreme evidence is coming brit wine steams gonna find it
and and and the fear and cleavage site and those you know they're all gonna find it it's coming don't
worry don't worry extreme um hypotheses like that meet extreme evidence and we just don't
have extreme evidence um on that front so look at those before they disappear but yeah that's
really 1984ish i mean how are we different from communist china if we're gonna have youtube
decide that everything needs to be the who and the who by the way is the one who told you not to
wear a mask i mean that that's the same that's why i'm like no bueno so i used to work at the world
bank and my experience working at the world bank was he used to work for Monsanto and the world bank
i mean what so tell me again why don't you say there because that sounded like complete
bullshit so to call that card and we do think extreme um hypotheses like that meet extreme
evidence and we just don't have extreme evidence um on that front so look at those before they
disappear but yeah that's really 1984ish i mean how are we different from communist china if we're
gonna have youtube decide that everything needs to be the who and the who by the way is the one
who told you not to wear a mask i mean that that's the same that's why i'm the who is telling you
not to wear a mask that's insane and we already talked about earlier how the only reason why we
don't have enough masks in the united states because the fda got in the way are you feeling it i think
i got the hamster wheel in my head now i think i can kind of make it run whenever i want to now
i just have to stop the video and remind you what he said ten minutes earlier like no bueno so i
used to work at the world bank and my experience working at the world bank was everything that's
horrible about a bureaucracy being amplified with billions of dollars and all the royalty that comes
with being in an international organization i really did not enjoy working at the world bank
yeah i can only him he didn't enjoy working at the world
how many of you have filled out a job application for the world imagine that the world health
organ i was so disappointed i signed up for a job i thought i was going to be able to change
the world and it turns out it's just a bunch of sheisterization is somewhat like that now i said
that last time and i had a lot of scientists and people come at me saying oh the WHO is super
important you know da da da but those are the same people that told me not to wear a mask and i
didn't i i went to the airport i flew from one country to another and back and i didn't wear a
mask because they told me i didn't have to so what the hell yeah there is a um there is a bias in
academia okay and it's it you and i was involved in on the human genome project i had government
funding and i was in that camp for a very long time thinking that we needed government to fund
market failure in the case of the human genome project was a very interesting um i'd say test
case for this because everyone was saying that government needed to put three billion dollars
into the human genome project because no one else would then solera shows up saying we've got
new sequencers and we can do this for a hundred million dollars and what we've done next year
government doubles down decides to put war mining into the human genome project even though there's
an example of a market participant who's going to solve the problem and they did this on the basis
that all the the private guys are greedy they're probably going to patent patent the shit out of
the genome so we have to do it to keep it public right well the NIH ended up with more patents
than solera on the human genome and the end of the day so it was a pretty you know blunt lesson
where i lost kind of my love that this NIH system is all for the good of the common man
why would you lose your love for it you got to pull all of your IP out of the system that
funded your development of it and make it into your own wealth what the hell is he talking about
what does he have to bitch about i don't get this at all this is not making any sense to me
he worked for the human genome project his wealth is based on the extraction of the IP produced in
the human genome project given back to him despite the fact that it was completely funded by taxpayer
money you traitor you slimy mealy mouth traitor all the problem and they did this on the basis that
all the the the private guys are greedy they're probably going to patent patent the shit out of
the genome so we have to do it to keep it public right well the NIH ended up with more patents than
solera on the human genome and the end of the day so it was a pretty you know blunt lesson
where i lost kind of my love that this NIH system is all for the good of the common man and
we're a body on and don't have any greed like solera has when they ended up with more patents
and so there's a bias in academia for centralized hierarchy in medicine out of doubt and then who
is like their emblem right however you got to be very cautious with people that are on that boat
because they're they aren't market forces involved in their research right there you get
when you when you write a government grant right a lot of people say you need the government
to write these grants because no industry is going to fund this ant this ant farm research and it's
really early stuff and it has to be done by the government because the the private sector won't
fund it i've written government grants we've pulled in over 32 million in government grants
over my career and i'll tell you there isn't a single grant we wrote that didn't cost us at
least a million dollars to file so the so grants cost a million dollars to file stop lying
i mean that you might charge people a million dollars to consult on a grant you might pay yourself
a million dollars in that year while you waste time writing that grant you might spend a million
dollars traveling around the world to talk to different people in your business to write that
grant but there's no frickin way it takes a million dollars to write a grant it's a 14 page document
in english what is he talking about here this is just we are absolutely knee deep in this now
this this medler needs stopping this medler needs outing this guy should not be able to walk
on the street in public without being recognized as an anti-american trader
in my humble opinion that's how i i don't see him any other way there's no way to listen to this
and think that he wasn't queued up that this isn't part of a tabletop narrative that they're trying to
you know curate kind of sector is funding this stuff they're just enjoying the fact that they're
getting freebies from the government uh in the process of getting non dilutive capital into
their company by betting a million bucks for some of the preliminary data that goes into the filing
so that you better believe the private sector does have an interest in these things and this
concept of market failures are complete fraud all right this is just a way for people who know
how to grease the system to basically write grants to get money into their private company that's
non-deluded so i wonder if that's like robert melone's specialty you know writing grants that
that get funded and not diluted i think robert melone brags about being such a consultant i think he
brags about having procured over two billion dollars in funds in his career
and those two were in front of the senate last month
telling stories about bad shots and double-stranded DNA contamination
not about a background signal that was distorted as a spreading ricks affidavit
pathogen not at all even though that's more or less what he talks about here without actually
saying it because he is seeding a national security narrative that he will be in charge of curating
but the private sector is there and they're the ones who actually put the first money up because
they did 20 billion was it really and that's even yeah great for the preliminary experiments
so the people that are in that system they're always getting government paychecks and there is
no cost to them for they don't have a competitor that is necessarily competing with them per se
for that money they don't have a market review you might get 12 six to 12 people in your study
section and almost all of those people in your study section for a grant are on the boards of
various private companies throughout the biotech industry but when you're in the marketplace you
don't have six people bottleneck and make a decision on whether the research should be done you have
the entire marketplace telling you you're wrong or you're right right so trying to get something
done to the free market you actually have more scrutiny in the free market than you will get
from peer review at the study section and the people in the study section the same damn people
that are on the boards of these other of the robber Malone is in the study section there's
companies so they're just a sub-selection of the marketplace you're basically taking a
statistical sub-sampling of brains applying it to the review process and then handing out
government money in the free market you have all of them critiquing your work so there isn't really
this perceived notion that the market's not going to do this we need of the government do
it instead that's all fantasy that's not that's not really how things work government grants are
lame the government can't do anything but this guy is rich because the government paid him to
work on the human genome project when there was a commercial competitor that could have done it
anyway and so the investment of the government in his work that resulted in the multi-generational
wealth that now comforts his fat ass didn't really work the government shouldn't do that stuff
even though my entire existence is based on the government doing that stuff and then letting me
take the IP out of that project and sell it on my own trade tour trade tour trade tour
okay so I think you'll find with a lot of the folks that have academic funding they believe
the government needs to be in charge in cases like this they don't see that the free market
actually delivers results a lot faster and they're very they tend to have a oh they're greed-based
and we're public servant based except for the public servant side of it takes their money
through taxation which no one can actually refute right the greed's really coming from the government
uh you can't if you don't like stem cell research for ethical reasons doesn't matter we're taking
your money in any way in doing it same thing's true with gain of function mutations on viruses
they were funding that for a while with our tax dollars which who knows maybe you played a role
in one of these viruses emerging right it's very dangerous research okay gain of function
research is very dangerous and the government doesn't care if other people can do it they're
go happy to spend their money on it anyway what a crazy little narrative he's playing here
that government that spent billions of dollars on the human genome project despite there being a
commercial alternative available and he just happened to benefit from that spending but that's
okay generally speaking when the government does that it's just stupid never mind my family's comfort
multi-generational comfort of my brothers and my dad but when the government does this stuff it
should be the private industry and all these people in academia don't understand that the
private industry does it so much better because i'm a private person i'm private but i only work
for small companies and small companies are screwed by the fda because small companies can't compete
with the place good companies like monsanto in the 13 years of regulation is there any more
contradiction in this sandwich that you could smash in without putting coast law and french fries on
the bun but you can't vote or opt out of it in the private sector you can you can say i'm not
funding that because i i think that's just shady stuff i'm gonna put my money in the start of
somewhere else all right so there aren't the same economic incentives on government funded
research there aren't those those those review mechanisms and there aren't those market forces
that help balance it so i i'm not surprised you ran into people from stones at you if you could
cheat the who because the who's just another one of these hierarchical systems that's trying to
tell the rest of the world what to do how have your academic friends embraced you since you've
taken this position they tend to point to the weed stuff i'm doing to discredit me
so huh that's how kevin mccaren tries to discredit me isn't that funny yeah it's not popular i
saw a popular opinion but you know it's just been informed through experience i've been on the
government side of things and then i've gone into the entrepreneur side of things you've been on
the government side of things where you got your gold handed to you because unlike normal when
you work for the government you're not allowed to you know government funds a a project through
mit and the whitehead institute that intellectual property isn't yours unless the system lets you
have it unless there might be some reason why we might need you in the future again unless you're
part of an ongoing national security apparatus since you're cutting your teeth working for the
department of energy stop lying you get you get a very wholesome picture that way you you
see how things operate on one side of the fence and then you see how they were they operate in
the free market side of things and you say that means have a perfect market you know it's regulated
to hell but uh it's it's certainly regulated to hell is he repeating himself enough for you yet
for you to catch on to the main ideas hey i believe it is what's responsible for maybe some of the
numbers you've seen at the world bank when you look at the world bank they've done a good job
measuring how many people are coming out of poverty right there's been more people coming well at least
you're talking to a guy who used to work for the world bank so maybe we can get an exchange of ideas
going here at a poverty like in the last 50 years and all of human existence that doesn't happen
with with orange man in charge that happens because the economy is growing there's more
interactions between people because we're more connected so there's more win-win relationships
that are being discovered throughout the world being hyper networked as a result we have GDP
that's growing even though population's growing that that that can't happen in their model of
it being a fixed pie right like i'm rich my my wealth came at the cost of someone being poor
that can't be true if your wealth came at the cost of taxpayer investment you
you you fraud you're a fake person you're a fake man you and your cats more people are coming
out of poverty than ever before concurrent with population growth that means the pie is getting
bigger why is the pie getting bigger it's getting bigger because we're more networked and we're
finding more win-win relationships by being more networked all right it's it's it's free market
economics that are driving this not structured hierarchical economics so
the overton window is wide open right now pika and and for for left ideas like hey we need more
government support we need more money to come in here for right ideas of hey we've got to let
things burn and see what comes out new um what do you think people should be doing right now
to ensure that they are seeing the right kind of ideas in our society or or promote the right
kind of ideas uh i think you should watch gig oem biological as often as you can share it with
your family and friends and if you can go to gig oem biological and support our work thank you very
much in some effective way i think they should be looking at what they themselves can do to change
their micro environment and they should not be holding their breath waiting for the centralized
decision makers to come save them because they're not coming what we've seen from government action
on this is is nothing but destruction we've got the ccc screwing things up then the fda screws
it up further then they have clear regulation and certificate of need laws all of here they go he
went right down his list did you hear it did you hear it did you hear it let's go back and see if
we can do it in the in the in the notes as as he just did it change their micro environment
and they should not be holding their breath waiting for the centralized decision makers to
come save them because they're not coming uh what we've seen from government action on this
is is nothing but destruction we've got the ccc screwing things up then the fda screws it up
further then they have clear regulations then they have clear regulations which was on the third
page right where is the clear regulations so he said the fda and then yeah here it is
so he said the cdc could only test so they screwed it up then the fda you had to get a EUA
then you had to have clear certifications right so he's he is actually repeating
he's actually repeating and hitting the same points with the same words again this is neural
linguistic programming or if you just want to call it a a symphony of lying um harmonized lying
preconceived uh mythology spinning i don't know what this is but it's definitely not
a disambiguation wizard working full time what's can do to change their micro environment
and they should not be holding their breath waiting for the centralized decision makers to
come save them because they're not coming uh what we've seen from government action on this is
is nothing but destruction we've got the cdc screwing things up then the fda screws it up further
then they have clear regulations certificate of need laws all of these things are just
impeding people's freedom making it really difficult for people to do their job certificate of need
laws is is said again and remember a certificate of need laws was something that he responded to
with regard to new york city because certificate of need laws meant that there weren't enough
beds in new york city and the reason why was certificate of need laws understand how much
gigantic i mean that is really a a a planetary sized level lie right there
and in light of jessica hockett's work in light of jessica hockett's continued sort of
floundering in terms of trying to get attention to the new york city fraud
instead we have people like pia kori on video in 2020 saying dumb stuff about new york city
and here we have april 24th 2020 we have kevin mccurnan from the human genome project saying dumb
stuff about new york stop lying they're just liars ladies and gentlemen this symphony of liars is
going to be exposed if it's the last thing i do with my life likewise i won't rest i'm never
gonna stop i'm never gonna stop kevin it's not gonna go away because you are a liar and telling
the truth it's not slander playing your own words and pointing out how ridiculous they are isn't
slander and there's no way a guy who's renting his house in pittsburgh with 3,100 followers on twitch
can possibly cramp the style of somebody that's so economically connected to the biosecurity state
that his dad works for them until he died i'm not afraid of you kevin i'm not afraid of any of
you people anymore i've got nothing to lose you can't take away anything that i have
this is never gonna stop i don't know if people have figured this out but they're when they print
the money they're diluting yours so they're they're paying you to stay in your house with
your own money and you're not even getting a large portion of it all right the six trillion
dollars if you average that across like you know three hundred and twenty million people
it's something and you only get twelve hundred dollars of it well let's you should you should be
getting eighteen thousand of it and you're not you know this this is a game where they are
basically robbing the coffers of of the treasury right now because they can get away with it everyone's
panicking so they're not your solution the solution rests within you and you need to go and find
where you're where you can deploy yourself in this new market stop saying deploy stop calling
in a market what is he saying is that how we're going to save families from the vaccine schedule
is that how we're going to save people from the lockdown what the shit is he saying here
with it everyone's panicking so they're not your solution the solution rests within you
and you need to go and find where you're where you can deploy yourself in this new market
and i would stop following the rules because they're not following them i would i would go i would
resort to agarism here i would resort to basically free market economics and if you
think it's a black market don't worry about it because frankly everything's illegal right now
and none of it justifiably is and so only you can really get yourself out of this and i wouldn't hold
your breath for um you know sacred regulation to come down and turn the economy on in three months
and give you a check it ain't coming how bad do you think bread lines and things will get
uh you know i i have a hard time predicting politicians i mean i can i've been watching
the spread of the virus very closely and i don't think it's as dire as what they're doing so
why are they doing it right there there's lots of smart people that can see this that
this isn't going to be much more dramatic than the flu we've never acted this way for any other
flu before so what's the motive and then if you look before the virus came um the economy
wasn't necessarily in great shape then either this is really just a pin that pricked the bubble
right we had inverted yield curves we've been printing money so the economy was already
shit and now the the covid did it for a very long time everyone was expecting there to be an
economic disruption of some sort no one just so they wouldn't coordinate a national security
operation to try and convince everybody that there was a coronavirus which was really just a
background being distorted as that so that they could you know reduce medicare costs
so that they could i mean this is just pathetic it's pathetic the trigger was going to be
so are they are they trying to extend this is yeah inverted inverted yield curves we are willing
to accept any new order that comes next right i mean i don't know it doesn't make sense to me
that that what kind of new world order i mean like this kind of new world order
is that new order is that the new order he's talking about why is he choosing these stupid
words unless he's playing games with our kids you know cut off their nose despite their face here
you know that the economy's certainly been been shaken up quite a bit but um and that doesn't
express to you man they must have thought this was bad because when the people that have money
give up money for example if if uh all of the money that's going to go away from march madness
is going to go away like those guys they didn't they did that because something scared them i think
you know what's kind of interesting about that is a lot of those companies did that before the
government stepped in still going right like they voluntarily decided that they looked at the data
saying this could be really messy we don't know what's coming the models look scary oh that's hot
but i think it was a government order that shut down a lot of a lot of the lot of the companies
voluntarily chose to like let's push this off let's cancel this conference south by southwest
right um and that's that should be a reminder to people that people are doing that because
they have self-interest in mind uh they don't want to be the super spreader event and that could
that could get the liability and don't want to be a super spreader event whoops
so he doesn't want these companies don't want to be super spreader events that's why they shut
down so we're using that same language that of course Robert Malone and uh Kevin McCarron will
use to describe their acquisition of covid early on in the pandemic because they were at super spreader
events either at the biogen event or somewhere in Korea just like mary holland says this
that she had something very strange and maryll nasa she's had covid three times and and harvey
rice says that despite taking hydroxychloric when he still got sick and it was two weeks of hell
reinfected
you don't hear mark and i talking about when we had covid
insisting that well so strange it was so different it was so weird
stop lying super spreader events and that could be a disaster for the reputation so
the market in many ways is reacting before the government is and the government's just stepping
in front of the parade taking credit um that's an important thing i think to remember that so
they wouldn't step in front of a fake parade they wouldn't create a fake thing and then step in front
of it and save us that would be crazy that markets are under underlying this they are doing some
things correctly in spite of this and they're all doing it on their own timelines and that
might be the more optimal approach than having one person step in and do it all but in terms of the
you know the the government has um an echo chamber of advice right the people advising
the government on this let's take i i know i know i know fauci i know france Collins i've
worked with both of them all right they're good people people want to villainize them but they're
in in their good people fauci and collins are good people according to kevin mccernan
who has been licking their boots for his entire career taking government money and saying that
government sucks the fda sucks he's never once mentioned that the prep act makes the fda almost
irrelevant he's instead said that the euas are like ten pages of work to do
this is just hilarious to me if this video isn't watched by a million people in a month because of
how ridiculous he looks in it then you will know it's because he is part of this operation
this should just be a a barn burner around the world because anybody that thinks that this guy
is a good guy can't listen to this and think that he's a good guy afterward unless they're just
willing to discount the actual words that this traitor has said in the 24th of April 2020
environment where um they're not their paychecks are going to stop they haven't i mean fauci's had
a paycheck for 40 years from the government right so he's never personally at risk for making these
calls he's very likely to gain a tremendous amount of funding after this and his funding is likely
to be larger the longer this hell the more pain we feel the more we're going to enhance the NIH
budget right his patent estate primarily vaccine based intellectual property all right is that
the only voice that should be advising the president right now he's no skin in the game he's going to
get a bigger budget when this is all over and the budget's going to be larger the more pain we
experience his vaccine patent estate is not on coronaviruses but it's he's he's mostly got
intellectual property surrounding vaccines we're hearing an narrative everyone holds your breath
into the vaccines are here that's crazy it's interesting they're holding their breath until
the vaccines that's crazy but who's got the patents for the vaccines he's not going to mention the
patent man though is he i think i know this guy named robert malone who actually invented all of
these things and actually has the patent on all genetic vaccines that comes later vaccines
the coronavirus vaccines we've had in the past have backfired they make they make they make things
worse right they they've tried these in other organisms uh and uh there was an effect where
when you got the vaccine when you eventually were given the actual virus your immune system went
on fire and you got a cytokine storm and the vaccines actually had a worse outcome for the
animals so they went on fire and you got a cytokine storm no i think they called it antibody
dependent enhancement at least that's what peter hotez called it when he was speaking in front of
congress and so here this is another choice that was made by his handlers or the people that coached
him at the table before he went on this podcast that we want to make sure that we exclusively talk
about antibodies as good and so when we talk about coronavirus vaccines failing let's not mention that
we characterize that as antibody dependent enhancement let's mention that as cytokine storm because
that's something that we want people to be thinking about with respect to the virus and the people
in the hospital and if you can't see that that's exactly why he chose those words on the 24th of
april 2020 you need to work hard than just getting the disease itself that that's the that's the
they make things worse right they they've tried these in other organisms uh and uh there was an
effect where when you got the vaccine when you eventually were given the actual but here did not
reveal antibody dependent enhancement until the end of 2020 and he only did it after somebody
and drastic by the name of louis ji warren sent me a paper about marrick's disease and encouraged
me to think about it and so i also at the same time has carat funded bosh actually started pumping
the idea that these vaccines these transfections that i wasn't good enough to insist on them being
called that already with everybody but these transfections could make the virus change and could cause
antibody dependent enhancement into people that get the vaccine so i was right there with carat
monday bus and i thought here at monday bus was the man when i when i first heard about it and so
it's really i can be very humiliated when i look back and realize how hook line and sinker i took
all of these narratives and i ran with them as hard as i could into the sunset virus your immune
system went on fire and you got a cytokine storm and the vaccines actually had a worse outcome for the
animals than just getting the disease itself that that's the that's the history of coronavirus
vaccines it's really ugly and so to suggest that we're going to race one of those things out and
by the way and sure you're familiar the vaccine industry is one of the dirtiest industries in the
bit and they they build liability right so you're going to mandate this you're going to have to have
a chip to go across borders and there's no liability for the people making these things a chip to grow
across borders and there's no liability so holy man he's dropping a lot of ideas there if you're
going to mandate these and get a chip to cross borders and these people don't have liability i
wonder if them not having liability before the pandemic was a problem stop lying i wonder if the
lack of liability before the pandemic would have led to any malfeasance in the vaccine schedule in
america stop lying is he ever going to actually say that a lot of course not this is exactly how
you walk that fine line look at this guy see him for the malevolent saboteur that he is things
that's a recipe for absolute disaster think that brian hooker and mary holland and this
traitor did a podcast that essentially got me fired from chd because i said that he was misleading
brian hooker and mary holland about the dangers of the the double-stranded dna without informing
them that transfection in its purest form was criminally negligent
saboteurs are everywhere ladies and gentlemen liars are everywhere and if you want to know why
jonathan kooie attacks everybody because there aren't very many good people
a lot of these people work for the weaponized piles of money that want to enslave your
grandchildren and tell you start to understand that when the system is playing for all the marbles
there's going to be a lot of people like kevin and robert malone and maryll nass and and and and
and the list is endless and they're all drifting on a different angle some of them are complaining
that they lost their license because they prescribed ivermectin others them are are complaining
that that they were censored for what they said on their podcast and now they have to have other
ways of raising money like locals the completely perverted destroyed platform owned by peter
teal and whatever weaponized piles of money he orchestrates that censored everything to do
with carl rittenhouse or kyle rittenhouse when it was uh locals is a joke and yet who asks you to
go to locals who's got a space on locals who's selling their rifle coffee so that you can have
a the word rifle on your on your credit card statements for the rest of your life
once you start to see that all these people were just shepherds or honeypots or
or attractors that that allowed the government the fbi the cia to find out who what everyone
was thinking and who was thinking it
while these posers were elevated on social media to collect ever more mouth breathers ever more
skilled social media watchers and ever more fooled social media watchers who didn't see
the fake illusions of consensus created in almost every thread these people have ever posted
in almost every comment thread that these people have ever curated on sub stack
is people pretending to argue pretending to oppose one another so that
10 comments later it seems like you've got to wade into this mosh pit
it's a lala palooza of liars and they've been in place from the very beginning lying
and kevin is one of them tester you've just jumped the shark man now now you're talking like
you don't like vaccines no vaccines i just don't like people who don't have my
liability for absolute disaster huh i love vaccines man now you now you're talking
and like you don't like vaccines no i don't like vaccines i just don't like people who don't have
my liability when they make them oh so you know you sound a lot like robert f Kennedy jr you just
once randomized control trials you know placebo trials for vaccines and then he's fine with mandating
them you're just like brett widenstein who thinks that vaccines are the absolute best
invention since the wheel and the machine gun kevin mccernan team worst case scenario maybe
one of the honorary captains with a gold band around his t-shirt like once you see them ladies
and gentlemen now we have to show them to the kids now we have to show them to all the college
kids that think that these people might be and show them for what they are
this is a big difference okay the technology works but but you can't have a market the technology
works vaccine technology works vaccines i just don't like people who don't have my
liability when they make them this is a big difference okay the technology works
but but you can't have a market where the people stop lying can can cut the corner
manufacturing because they're no longer alive they've they socialized the cost of the damages of
vaccines onto the vaccine courts and the bear system that's nuts i mean oh the vaccine courts
are they a violation of our seventh amendment kevin or are you just saying that it's crazy
and notice ladies and gentlemen how far we are into this discussion where the legal basis for
the pandemic has not been mentioned by name the prep act has not been mentioned by name
they just drop it out of his lexicon on accident or is it part of the tabletop
rehearsal of this ridiculous illusion of consensus
i need you to share this video as widely as you can possibly share it in an aggressive way that
you've never shared it before and when jeff from earth starts making clips or when sooth spider
has the the subtitles up i need you to share it as widely as you possibly can with a fervor that
you've never had before i want a copy of this video to show up at his house on a usb drive
products and every day i got to keep track that my products don't have a contaminant in them they
don't have to do that man i don't know like you are really in this area where if you talk about
vaccines or anything about them you are you're an anti-vaxxer yeah you're an anti-vaxxer exactly
that's that's that's third rail material but but think of the framing of that of that stereotype
right are you what's your position on antibiotics are you pro or anti-anabotics here we go have you
ever been asked that right antibiotics and vaccines are exactly the same in the biology of kevin
mccernan in the biology of frances collins in the biology of tony fauci in the biology of
eco-health alliance in peter day second the biology of bret weinstein in the biology of all of these
posers yeah i mean you don't categorize like thoughts the cycle is pretty cool but i don't know about
z-pack right yes and he did say that the oh z-pack he just said interesting um he he actually just
did say that right contaminants are the problem also laying down the foundation for what these
vaccine people will get away with the adulteration nice catch Pamela yeah you're an anti-vaxxer exactly
that's that's that's third rail material but but think of the framing of that of that
stereotype right are you what's your position on antibiotics are you pro or anti-anabotics
have you ever been asked that right i mean you don't categorize like thoughts the cycle is pretty
cool but i don't know about the z-pack right now coronavirus you don't talk about classes of drugs
like this why are we talking about vaccines like this pro or anti that's a false dichotomy some
vaccines are good for certain people i'll tell you if i'm if i'm a family that's got epilepsy i'm
gonna read every damn packet insert to figure out which one of those i should take because they
all have different risk profiles and epilepsy is one of those conditions that are oh if you have
epilepsy you should be worried about which vaccine your kid takes but if your kid is normally healthy
you don't have to worry at all what an asshole what a monster this is just disgusting now i getting
now i'm getting really disturbed by this because this is just disgusting
this is just somebody who works for the slavers that's all this is are genetically pretty
predisposed to having bad reactions to some vaccines genetically predisposed to having
bad reactions to vaccines that sounds an awful lot like a book that was written before the pandemic
called the the environmental and genetic causes of autism the strange thing about it is
kevin mccernan is that this author who is connected intimately to chd and i think is an absolute fake
is james lion's wiler who started the ipack place which is also probably nonsense and he absorbs
what he can and he says the good things that he can but writing a book where there are genetic
environmental causes of autism is a very disingenuous way of not focusing on the dangers of the
vaccine schedule and curiously enough james lion wiler james lion winer was the guy one of the
first guys actually was cited listen carefully was cited in the blog post of dan seratkin
as being the first blog on earth to publish the fear and cleavage site observation
who the hell is this guy who the hell is james lion's wiler to have known that the fear and cleavage
site was a sign of a lab leak before this guy knew before the human genome project genius knew
that fear and cleavage site was an indication of a lab leak james lion winer he's the one who had
it he knew and and and dan seratkin whose dad works at los alamos laboratory he knew and some
ridiculously fake russian guy living in canada named yuridegan he knew that it was a fear and
cleavage site that indicated it was a lab leak and then there was this charles rixie guy i guess who
has a a really big excel sheet full of information about the the virus and the fear and cleavage
site it's not going to stop every day we are going to shop at this tree until it falls over
every day we are going to hack at this dragon until it's dead every day we are going to oppose
this mythology until the people that are trying to force us to teach it to our children are out
of our lives so a couple of weeks ago just some night i was sitting around i was i threw out a
tweet that said how long would a vaccine need to be tested before it was safe to be mandatory
on society this was like two or three weeks ago people went nuts on me they were like why would
you even ask this question when it's ready we'll we'll give it to people like wait a second no no
no you decide beforehand what the testing parameters will be and then you let people know so that way
everybody gets a chance to see hey that's what they said it would do that's what it did that's what
we were worried about these are the unintended consequences that we were able to monitor for
but people treated me as though i was in anti-vaxxer i'm a peace corps volunteer right like i am yeah
i am a normist a peace corps volunteer who worked for Monsanto in the world bank
actually that might make sense because i have the feeling that the peace corps a lot of the
people that i've met in the peace corps are kind of weird like they also think that you
un is kind of cool and stuff the peace corps might be a little weirder than i i'm letting on here
yeah yeah a hundred percent i met a lot of teachers that had done their thing in the peace
corps and they all seemed a little bit a little bit naive and also a little bit
a little bit uh i guess the word is naive man a hundred percent but if you come anywhere near
talking about this i saw the Cornell Alliance for Science equating anyone that was going to
the protests against lockdowns as anti-vaxxers and like right-wing seditionists and you're like
you are a public university and you're sitting there saying there is no anyone that disagrees
with this point of view at all should be completely labeled and and written off and thrown out of
the conversation yeah it is it's a new priesthood and we're not wearing black robes we're wearing
white ones now the scientists are the ones who can read the code of life and it will be told to
what it is from on high uh there is a problem with us having this irrational irreverence on science
i'm a scientist i have certain directionals i'm not an epidemiologist i'm not a doctor i can do
the genetics on these things but you know i think you should have economists at the table
right this oh we have an concept that you know follow this we have an economist his name is
j about a charia he's actually an economist not an epidemiologist so you just so you know
science and only the scientists lead everything is dangerous uh you need a lot of different
expertise to to think through what's going on here and if you bring up any challenge to this like
i don't like the fact that the incentive structures on the pharmaceutical industry
lead to really negative consequences i really believe in immunology and vaccination i just
don't believe i really believe in immunology and vaccination is one of the most amazing things
ever um it's not a good t-shirt like freedom is measured in ohms but it's funny i believe
in immunology and vaccines is about as it is a deckler i had covid and a super spreader event
the legislation you put forward with these people you're instantly labeled anti-science
you're an idiot you're you got a tin foil hat and we're gonna discredit you um some of that is
coming i think because of uh the manner which be fun science there's there's there's far too many
any scientists that i think are getting funded through government um sources and they should be
in the private sector uh and and working in careers that don't so it's the government's fault it's
not the way we do science it's it maybe it's the grants they write but he's not really saying it very
right right he just wants private money instead of government money or maybe he wants government
money given to private companies with less strings attached but this is about as imprecise a
discussion as you can possibly manage to muster have those um those types of conflicts involved
right when you're when you're working under that environment you don't have market forces
guiding the research that you should be doing you're just getting money from stolen money from the
government uh that effectively is is oftentimes reinforcing their agenda right they they will
fund things based on what they i mean look at n i a i uh is it night no it's night n i d i a
national institute for drug abuse okay we have an institution whose goal is kind of evident in
their title of their institution national institute for drug abuse not drug benefits drug abuse
so all they do is they look for a science that shows drugs harm you that's not science
that's this propaganda the whole institution is propaganda wow
the whole institute of nida where my friend bruce hope still works where my friend aske did his
postdoc with bruce hope trying to understand the activation profile of rats exposed to cocaine
to understand the addictive circuitry now whether or not that's worthwhile science is is irrelevant
irrelevant is he actually saying that what nida does is is all wise
that yavin shiram the guy who runs that place is full of shit
it's just extraordinary the kind of statements that he's willing to make right now and in retrospect
in four and a half years afterward it should be as obvious as apple pie smell from an apple pie
that just got smashed in your face that this guy is working against us he is part of the system
that is trying to enslave our children listen carefully okay national institute for drug abuse
okay we have an institution whose goal is kind of evident in their title of their institution
national institute for drug abuse not drug benefits drug abuse so all they do is they look for a
science that shows drugs harm you and so what what what does he think the rest of the nih
does when they look at drugs look for them to harm you or look the nida is very specifically
trying to understand the harms that addictive drugs can do what a jackass
now maybe you might say that nida should be money better spent on the opioid crisis or getting
cocaine off the streets or educate or whatever but this is just awful and what's awful about
this is that it probably falls under the rubric of people not taking the opioid crisis seriously
he's probably in a way was coached to say this to try and make it seem like the drug addiction is
not a problem in our society why would we ever spend government money trying to understand drug
addiction what a monster what an awful monster to say that addiction is not something that actually
is a medical condition that affects people especially in a country that's being
being overloaded on its streets by by opioids that are 10 or 100 times stronger than anything
that could be made from a natural product he doesn't want to have a better understanding of how
addiction can be debilitating and how we shouldn't blame people who are addicted because your brain
circuitry permanently changes and alters your behavior it's out of your control he thinks that
it's just all propaganda
i think this is the probably the worst part of the stream for me because this is coming at
neurobiology and anything that neuroscience has ever really done useful with regard to
understanding addiction as a medical problem a thing that can cement into the brain of a rat
can probably cement into the brain of a human if the same circuits are involved
and so he's just callously throwing out addiction as completely useless why would we ever study that
this is shocking to me so shocking that i feel like i have to play it yet again
niai uh is it no it's nida nidi a national institute for drug abuse okay we have an institution
whose goal is kind of evident in their title of their institution national institute for drug
abuse not drug benefits drug abuse so all they do is they look for a science that shows drugs harm
you that's not science that's this propaganda the whole institution is propaganda right they're
looking for the negative consequences of of they shouldn't do that just should be natural
and should have drug research right look for the pros and the cons and and this is the
this is the organization that has funded most of the research showing cannabis harms people
yet we've got alcohol in the streets and an opiate epidemic and cannabis is like benign
compared to these things there's an institute dedicated to tearing it down you may be the devil
you're you're the most persuasive
like i i i am completely wrapped by your argument but i can say that this is well outside of the
i don't know if you've listened to eric wine stein at all he has this podcast called the portal
i have not i i saw his name flash to twitter once or twice it is definitely
worthless eric wine stein the portal
i will remind you that eric wine stein the portal in 2019 was where where peter teal said that he
doesn't trust science because all these hyper specialization has resulted in the the propensity
for people to lie and exaggerate and that's where he starts with interpreting these things like you
know uh string theory and antibodies and immunity and vaccines
ladies and gentlemen do you see why he would want us tell you that that cannabis can help
with addiction cannabis isn't addictive cannabis is not a bad thing
but it can help with chronic pain it can help with the opioid epidemic we don't need
nida anymore nida just just trashes marijuana so we shouldn't study the way the addictive
circuitry of the brain works anymore why would we waste our time on that
it makes me very sad that that it's so obvious now that that this is a medler a person working
for the national security state that is currently executing this on our on our society and on our
world he is worth checking out if only because he knows where the edges of the overton window are
and he's pushing well outside of them and so i think i picked up was he he may have been
unrogan lately and i think i picked up some of his inklings on on bio weapon stuff and and uh
um yeah i'll look into it i'm a little nervous about all the bio weapon accusations right now
as it reminds me of weapons and mass destruction you know let's let's get some scan evidence to
to beat the war drum and go get in a war china that that's to me they're they're applied for
a crush and air principle to that idea you better have damn good evidence it's a bio weapon before
you start beating that drum because the history of us going to war is over really thin data
yeah and i mean war with china like it's it's a much bigger world if we say let's let them succeed
the way they want to succeed and let's let us succeed the way that we want to succeed and try as best
you can to not uh have to get into any kind of a fight because that's a fight where there's no
good outcomes there if there's enough trade between that what do they say when borders close bullets
fly right if there's enough trade between those two countries uh it that will become a mutually
assured destruction if you get aggressive uh between any of those two parties and so i think
that's the solution is we need to be i what i'm afraid will come out of this is xenophobia
and nationalism where we're going to pull all of our manufacturing out of china and try and base
it here and and all the cost of goods will go through the roof as a result of this and uh we'll
start reinforcing national boundaries i think that's a disaster i think oh that would be terrible
direction which is encourage more globalization oh encourage more globalization wow that sounds
simple right global solutions global problems global solutions but wait we're supposed to
decentralize everything he told us that we should decentralize it's a decentralizing virus
the same response isn't going to work everywhere but we should globalize
is your brain being being smashed yet like the host said your brain is being smashed
minus economic ties to the point that if you ever decide to cut off ties with the country
you're basically cutting off your leg um you need to be so you know economically integrated
throughout the world that war is obsolete um because there's nothing good that comes out of that
there integrated in the world so much that war becomes obsolete that's fantastic i love it i love
it i love it that just wrecks economies um all for just nationalistic pride which doesn't really
in the end give you anything nationalistic pride nationalism it's such an overrated force in history
isn't it nationalism is such an overrated force in history i guess that's why mr heart my high school
world history teacher started and ended the class by writing the word nationalism on the blackboard
I guess that's why nationalism is just stupid even though mr heart in my high school world history
class started and ended with it and he was such a good teacher that i actually remember
that he started and ended with one word on the blackboard at the beginning of the year and at
the end of the year if you remember one thing from my class kids remember that nationalism is the
most powerful force in the world thanks mr heart thanks for making me equipped enough
to see even the the silliest lies that these people are telling me in my adulthood thanks mr
heart your economic ties to the point that if you ever decide to cut off ties with the country
you're basically cutting off your leg um you need to be so you know economically integrated
throughout the world that war is obsolete because there's nothing good that comes out of that that
just wrecks economies um all for just nationalistic pride which doesn't really in the end give you
anything doesn't give you anything i hope that's not what happens i hope i hope a nationalistic
pride of being proud of being american will never get you anything we get come to our senses but i
do worry that a lot of this sentiment of oh it came from muhan and and uh we need to you know
we need to snap them in order kind of thing is is uh it's jingoism that's not going to
gonna help during an epidemic well it's like uh rene jarard talks about like in a society if you
have wrecked everything you will find a scapegoat to place that damage on yes so that everybody can
load up their sins and send that scapegoat out to die and it and that's the way you purify your
society and and uh that is coming whenever we get to a resolution here yeah sure they're
gonna punish Pfizer or something like that or they'll say that there was dna double-stranded
contamination because no one you can't have a functioning society where they think the cause
of the disease happened within the society so you have to find it root it out and send it out
and there it's going to be something and so we just need to be on guard for that hope we can
purify society i mean anyways i think some of that is what's going on right now is that
we had a lot of sins in the economy coming up into january a lot of sins why do we keep calling
it sins what is this shit and they're they're erasing all of that history with the viruses here
and we couldn't control this and it blew up the economy and the sins of the past are going to
get ignored that led up to this um so there's there's i think some of that's already in place
unfortunately well one question that i ask everyone uh before they hop up here is where do you think
the world will be in two weeks two weeks i hope to see a few more brave jurisdictions opening up
like texas georgia and and maybe five more states like that and i hope this sends um a glaring signal
to a lot of businesses that relocate your business to the jurisdictions that that open up because
the biggest fear we're we're a small 20 person company um middle of a raise um we didn't expect
that this would uh this would come about fortunately the cannabis industry being selected as um
an essential business is meant the raises going fairly well we we initially thought it was all
going to evaporate but right now there's very few places to park money and so people are parking
them in essential businesses um but we're also going to central jurisdictions investors are
going to want to know i want they're they're going to want to invest in jurisdictions that aren't
going to do this to them again uh and so the money is going to move and a lot of the businesses now
can be more virtual we're going through that lesson right now with this and with zoom and
everything else and so sweden and texas and georgia those things are going to come on the radar of
for businesses so we need to put our we need to get out of california come to mizuri brother
we've got the most plant geneticists here per capita of anywhere st leis is the right on the river
we're protected as far as you know having problems on the coast a lot of colleagues up there at
washew the genome center we used to collaborate with up there and rob rob probably interacted
with them as well it's it's a hotbed for excellent genomics is going on st louis some of the best
it is my belief that uh that you know the emerging mega regions the major cities that will happen
are going to be built in this new post corona era because what you're going to find is what we
valued cities for in 2019 is very very different from what will value them and to your point
it's the regulations that will be everything and it will be who is the first city to open up and
my belief is while all these rules are in place start doing really inventive things let drones fly
let your yes do as much automated driving as you possibly can now make that available and make it
as easy as possible to start those companies nail on the head i mean i think that's the question
everyone needs to be asking all of these regulations that the government is lifting right now to deal
with the pandemic we have to ask the government why can it be that way all the time if this stimulates
the economy when we have a pandemic shouldn't that be the permanent state of the economy
that we never get one again right there's going to be a tendency for them to want to bolt some of
these things wait so he can stimulate the economy to not get a pandemic what in this wow after this
is gone i think you resist that with every ounce of our soul because the the it's coming really clear
that the fda managing and regulating a mask like what the hell is that all about fda life is a
physical therapist fda again probably one of the very first people to move her uh practice online
and the number of laws that she still has to face in order to be able to help somebody that like
was supposed to get surgery on their back or on their elbow or on their wrist yeah like she has
to jump through all these hoops in order to be able to treat these people but some of the laws have
come off and it's like all of a sudden there's the state of new york can now get help from a
practitioner in missouri so bang bang bang she's not and they're gonna look for it new york is
probably the worst state of them all we we had took us probably two years to try and get a
clear license in new york they're there and they've done that to the bitcoin space as well they like
pushed out um with that bit license crap that they do they're they're a regular that state
is is uh why was he working for two years to get a clear laboratory approval why would he need an
laboratory for testing you hear that for a second please he works on cannabis genomes
he tests cannabis he sequences cannabis why would he need to get a cleolab certification in new york
and why would it he have been busy with it for two years what is he talking about there it'd be an
interesting thing to dig into because we were talking about cleolabs an hour ago because those
are the labs that only could execute the pcr test which is as easy as making chocolate milk
and yet it took him two years to get a license in new york and what was he getting that license
floor but he's not legalizing cannabis he doesn't sell cannabis some of the mess that they're in
right now is because it's just nothing but red tape in that state to get anything done well and
they had an opportunity to be one of the great agriculture states they are as far as you're laying
but the amount of red tape that you had to go through to do the farmer's markets and all of
those things like it's difficult to do business in new york city and so unlike here where it when
when the grocery store got shut off i was able to do grocery delivery from farmers overnight like
that nice yeah yeah i i'm hopeful that that that will change people's you know they say in a pandemic
everyone becomes a libertarian right we've got like you know we delivery now alcohol can be
delivered like every everyone's cheering on these things that they were sort of shunning when there
was not an emergency in place and i'm hoping that's going to shine and open up people's opinions on
this that these regulations are actually dangerous and our regulations can kill kevin this has been
absolutely fantastic people are going to want to follow and interact with you hopefully to yell
at you and not just me but uh what how can people find you you're out there on twitter i i were
i'm on twitter um the company we work at is medicinal genomics um this is a company that's cannabis
genetics and and cannabis safety testing we're proficient at um at tracking microbes on cannabis
so this is tracking covid is right in our wheelhouse we build a lot of portable genetic tools to
decentralize testing they you know people could probably hijack the tools we make right now to do
home testing for covid because all of the tools we're using for this we can't support you in that
but i highly encourage you to do it and there's probably a reddit thread just waiting to waiting
to everybody to share all their information or a github or all those are publicly available to
do covid testing in your house uh i will point you in all the directions you need to do it but we
we uh we don't want the FDA on our on our case so we can't sell it or support it um so uh that's
kind of our specialty is is uh cannabis genetics we do a lot of blockchain work with this as well
there's a different whole nother rabbit hole on why we use blockchains to track all this data
but it's necessary in in the industry like ours um but we also manage a cannabis um science
conference every year called canmed which is going to be held probably in september the
blockchain he also wants to do blockchain peer review publishing some other bullshit
as what we're aiming for assuming the lockdowns um don't disrupt that but right now we're
everything we're looking at we think this is going to be over by then but that's a that's a
conference about a thousand people that has um physicians it has genomic scientists like myself
it has growers it has analytical chemists that are trying to track all these cannabinoids so if you
want to learn how to do personalized medicine off the plants you can grow out of the ground
and do it with the utmost scientific rigor that could even sustain an FDA trial those are the
people to come and see um that happens every year what do we need it we don't need an FDA
trial you told us earlier in the hour that the FDA can't touch these things you're such a
contradictory incongruent i can't help but laugh it's comical at this stage it's comical if this
is what my kids are up against we're gonna win it's just a matter of time steady pressure on a
fake that's this fake um just becomes more fake and so please share this video with as many
people as you can possibly share it with and encourage me to check that out this is actually
one of the biggest jokes um uh probably linked in in the universe use your twitter handle um
yeah it's canon underscore mccernan but yeah uh check out those videos before they melt them because
put them up in library or some other blockchain system they can't we're not going to check out
his videos all right thank you um and we're not going to listen to that anymore ladies and
gentlemen a couple months ago kevin mccernan was part of this group of controlled operatives it
includes uh uh robert malone and jill glasspool malone and jessica rose and uh brett wine stein
and harvey rice um for sure those four or five people are liars they've lied to my face um they've
lied to me in sms and so unlike the rest of the people in this picture i can't be sure about them
but these these four people or five people actually i'm very sure are liars because i've had
personal experience with them lying and they've been lying about personal things about what happened
what was said but also very specifically about their experience with the pandemic all of these
people have had it all of these people were in super spreader events and all of these people have
been involved in an ongoing multi-year international campaign to make sure that people around the world
would never come to the conclusion that a national security state funded by global
weaponized piles of money would fake a pandemic in order to enslave our grandchildren but that's
indeed what they've done and kevin mccernan works for them and it might have been unwittingly at
first it might have been unwillingly at first but long long ago those things went away and he has
been absolutely positively a participant in the national security operation that was the covid-19
pandemic just like robert malone just like jessica rose these people were too early and too focused
on specific things or too late and too focused on specific things to have been genuine dissidents
and their extremely artificial rise through social media their extremely artificial rise in terms of
spontaneous comfort provided by the almost certainly money laundering observation
that is locals and sub-stack they're all on locals and sub-stack they're all on gab and telegram
they're all part of money laundering operations that have funded through peter teal and other
weaponized piles of money the distraction mechanisms that will make sure that we never wake up to the
fact that health security and public health are all a lie we never wake up to the fact that
these people murdered people and lied about it in order for us to believe that an RNA can pandemic
and an RNA cannot cause a pandemic it cannot pandemic and transfection was always criminally
negligent and there are hundreds of thousands of people in the united states who are in the
next couple years going to come to a very rude awakening that they should have done known better
because their professional qualifications say so so if you're an academic biologist out there if
you're an MD out there and you're still not aware that the national security state funded by global
weaponized piles of money was willing to lie about murder so that you would believe that
the excess deaths could be blamed on a novel virus and you are still not aware that people
like kevin mccurnan are employed to lie about it then you are still trapped in the national
security operation that is designed to get you to teach your children this mythology so that
they will be enslaved forever and this plan has been going on for a very long time and is evidence
in the books that have been written it is evidence in the insistence on a novel virus
which was evident already on the 24th of April 2020 in kevin mccurnan's video that we just watched
these people are part of a team worst case scenario that was put in place to make sure that we would
not only not question the existence of a novel virus but that we would attribute novel symptoms
novel disease states to that novel virus that novel spike protein so that when
transfection and transformation were rolled out en masse that the effects the known side effects
the known downsides of transfection and transformation could be misconstrued as the effects of a
gain-of-function spike protein and once you see that kevin mccurnan paul cottrell
robert malone maryll nass
walter chestnut jessica rose
richard flemming charles rixey bret wine steve all of drastic everyone was exclusively focused
on the gain-of-functions spike protein from the beginning and whether or not it had HIV
inserts or a spear and cleavage cider staphylcocadenteryotoxin B homologies or some other mimicry
to the human genome hyper focused on one protein in one consensus sequence that could never be
found anywhere else because kevin mccurnan just explained it's really hard to sequence viruses
and people but pcr is like making chocolate milk
ladies and gentlemen they lied to us about a dangerous novel virus everyone lied to us that's
the problem that's why i attack everyone because they're still lying about it even when they know
there's no evidence of spread even they know there's no epidemiological evidence of spread
even when they are economists that work for the stanford university epidemiological department
they can't come to the realization that there's no epidemiological evidence of spread so that
might be a problem j about a charia that new york city might be a problem for your narrative j about
a charia the calling for focus lockdowns and accepting the existence of a novel spreading rna
is not exactly biologically plausible and your excuse that you're an economist
and and and a and an epidemiologist and therefore you can't evaluate what's on this show is a
mealy mouth bullshit excuse j about a charia don't ever take another selfie with me if you're
going to continue to lie like this along with kevin mccurnan and and robert melone and maryll nass
and jill glasspool melone and and and and harvey rice
ladies and gentlemen stop all transfections and humans because they are trying to eliminate
the control group by any means necessary share this stream with everybody you know because
the control group still exists but it won't if kevin mccurnan and robert melone and all
these people are able to convince our children that this mythology is real i believe in vaccines
they totally work it's just that i don't like people without without liability
ladies and gentlemen this has been giggle and biological a high resistance low noise
information brief brought to you by a biologist if you like like what you've seen and like what you
heard please share this work because if not enough people are hearing it and if you really believe
maybe take the time to go to giggle and biological support my family with a little bit of work
it takes a lot of energy a lot of time to uh you know you don't you don't build a bonfire this
big uh without preparation um and uh and we're going to keep building bonfires ladies and gentlemen
thank you very much for joining me thanks to take the time to listen for four hours and 20 minutes
to kevin mccurnan cannabis man
four hours and 20 minutes
how's that for threading the needle how's that for threading the needle that's what i'm talking about
so